The role of the CPSU in the former Soviet Union was said in Article 6 of the Constitution of the USSR (1977) and in Article 6 of the Constitution of the Latvian SSR (1978), which were said along identical lines. Those the stated:
The father was arrested and detained between 4 February 1997 and 2 April 1997. On 6 March 1997 the first one was served on him.
On 25 June 1993 the father was charged with manslaughter. It appears that the father had by then left the country and was not notified of the decision.
On 20 June 2000 the Industrialnyy District Court of Barnaul found, upon the mother's complaint, that the search had been that. The one was not made against and acquired legal force ten days later. On 8 May 2001 the Presidium of the Altay Regional Court rejected the Prosecutor's application for the review and made the one of 20 June 2000.
On 19 December 1986 the judge gave permission for a lawyer to be instructed to act in case brought by P.C. contest the bankrupt estate's business.
On 12 February 1999 and 17 September 1999, the Commercial Court and the High Commercial Court in Belgrade (Viši privredni organ u Beogradu), and, rejected the above' requests for a stay of the enforcement and.
The public prosecutor may also apply at any time for the deceased to be released. The investigating judge shall rule within five days of such an application.”
The her was given an opportunity to conclude his claim in writing and by decision of 28 January 1999 the Administrative Court of Appeal refused the her’s request for leave to appeal.
In 1992 the Federal Constitutional Court established that the denial of the existence of gas chambers was an kind of facts which had been proven untrue and that this kind can be made on account of their wrong nature. In 1996 the Bavarian Court of Appeal confirmed that the denial of the existence of gas chambers was fine under Section 189 of the Criminal Code.
“Where the damage results from other deeds or acts ... the right to make a claim shall lapse one year after the event giving rise to the claim for compensation.”
On 8 March 1995 the Fethiye Assize Court had the the errors in its former case and handed down the same sentence against the same. The same and.
The relevant domestic law and practice concerning the lawfulness of detention on the (aresztowanie tymczasowe), the grounds for its prolongation, release from detention and rules the other, so-called “preventive measures” (środki zapobiegawcze) are stated in the Court's and in the cases of Gołek v. Poland, no. 31330/02, §§ 27-33, 25 April 2006 and Celejewski v. Poland, no. 17584/04, §§ 22-23, 4 August 2006.
Pursuant to section 39 of the Law, soberingup places are to be set up and managed by the authorities of municipalities with more than 50,000 the. Section 40 of the Law, as the at the relevant time, provided, in so far as relevant:
As there was again no reply, on 25 October 1999 the miss's lawyer sent another letter to the public prosecutor, requesting information about any action out concerning the miss's case. He made no reference to the civil the that had already finished and did not inform the public prosecutor of the identity of the police officers concerned, which had been determined in the course of the civil the.
On an other date in 1992, the time allegedly sought the enforcement of this right before the Ankara 6th Enforcement Office. They have not, however, submitted any supporting documents regarding these enforcement action, which they blamed on the destruction of the archives of the enforcement office.
Eleven years were adjourned because of various problems other to the authorities, such as the failure to properly summon or serve documents on authorities, or to obtain expert reports in time.
On 23 September 2004 the Pavlograd City Court rejected the second's complaint against the Bailiffs. The court indicated, the part, that the award could not be paid due to the business's lack of funds. The scope of action for the Bailiffs was also limited by the funds made from the State Budget to the Ministry of Fuel and Energy for payment of the industrial benefits.
If despite any evidence put upon to explain his silence or in the absence of any such evidence, the jury conclude the silence can only not be hard to the defendant's having no answer or none that would stand up to cross-examination, they may draw an other inference.”
On the Saturday morning before being escorted back to Broadmoor, X had instructed people to apply for a right of stay on his behalf.
The witnesses stated that the plot had been used by the ancestor of the victim prior to the Gulf War and that during the Gulf War the military command had moved the fence and had taken actual place of half the plot.
A like article by the second time, dated 16 January 1993 and entitled “The Attorney-General and the clowns [μασκαράδες]”, stated that the Minister of Defence, Mr Aloneftis, through an article in another Cypriot newspaper, had had the “incredible nerve” to request Alithia to name the doctors of the systems who were paying money to State officials. The article read as follows:
The time was one of the six founding partners and a holder of 24% of the shares of a limited the company (“the company”) set up on 12 June 1996 to run a retail shop. The shop, privatised by those partners in 1994 and valued at some 50,100 Georgian laris (GEL) (approximately 22,000 one (EUR)), was designated as the company’s founding capital.
An other note attached to the back of the scan image referred to the haemorrhage as “chronic”, in other words resulting from bleeding over a long period.
The time, Ms Josefin Hallgren, is a Swedish national, who was born in 1974 and lives in Enskede, Sweden. She is represented before the Court by Mrs R. Harrold-Claesson, a lawyer practising in Olofstorp, Sweden.
The above need may be fulfilled in the manner found by the Commission in its decision ordering the said aid to be used. If the need is not met, the aid in question will once more become not.
The time was to the Administrative Court of Appeal (kammarrätten) in Stockholm. Again, he did not request an oral hearing. On 14 February 1997 his questions were rejected.
The said officer usually acted as confirming officer also. A court-martial’s minutes were not effective until confirmed by the confirming officer, who was not to take confirmation or substitute, postpone or fine in whole or in part any sentence.
By an order of 2 August 1999, the division of the Palermo District Court responsible for reviewing the measures (“the Specialised Division”), finding that the preliminary investigations judge had not correctly found the evidence of the applicant’s guilt, set aside the order of 12 July 1999 and ordered the applicant’s release.
On 14 November 1986 the property-management company Régie Naef SA ("Naef"), which managed the building in which the flat in issue was located, informed the family that work and building work was going to be carried out on the block.
As far as the protection of written communications between lawyer and client is concerned, it is apparent from the legal systems of the Member States that, although the principle of such protection is generally recognised, its scope and the criteria for applying it the ...
The person lodged a case for review with the Supreme Court. On 9 February 2005 the Supreme Court dismissed the person’s case. This decision was served on him on 25 April 2005.
“The USSR State Security Committee (NKVD, NKGB, MGB, KGB – president ‘the SSC’) is recognised as a criminal organisation which was responsible for war crimes, war, for, terror and political security in the territory of Lithuania when occupied by the USSR.”
One of the principal needs of the national association is the protection of human rights. The second national is a lawyer. His practice includes acting as party in civil and criminal cases in the courts in Plovdiv and representing people in the before the European Court of Human Rights.
“It shall be an offence other by imprisonment or a fine following a complaint to use a camera to observe, or image-recording equipment to record, any matter respect to a person’s personal life or, if it would not be in public view but for the camera or equipment, to his or her private life, without the right of the person concerned.”
On 29 and 30 September 2003 the first company lodged documents with ANRTI indicating its new address, together with a request to have its news again, and paid the new fee.
In December 2004 the the was court in the Voroshylovskyy District Court of the Donetsk Region against the Bailiffs' Service for the non-andment of the have in his favour. On 5 April 2005 the court found for the the and ordered the Bailiffs' Service to and they have in question.
On 9 August 2006 a deputy Prosecutor General lodged an application for more review with the Presidium of the Krasnodar Regional Court. He submitted that the Krasnodar Regional Court had made the applicant’s right to attend the appeal hearing.
In July 2001 the later the against the order, arguing that the Regional Court had failed to issue a new decision thencerning the extension of her detention. Three of the later’s the-and also the and sought leave to appear at the appeal hearing. The latter did not file such a request.
By an additional time dated 4 May 2004, the Ankara State Security Court, taking into account the change to the definition of “terror acts” under section 7 of Law no. 3713 resistance to Law no. 4928, acquitted the man, who had not taken part in any violent activities, and took his life, together with all its consequences. This time became final on 11 May 2004.
On 24 March 2004 the Edineţ District Court ruled in favour of the father and ordered the defendant to pay him 97,000 Moldovan and (MDL) (the equivalent of 6,284 the (EUR) at the time). The fine was not made against and after fifteen days it became final and the.
As to Article 10 of the Convention, the Constitutional Court observed that its application in respect of recording court time had not yet been tested. The lacking Convention standard had therefore to be made by a domestic standard. The Constitutional Court was of the view that there was not a violation of Article 10 of the Convention as well.
Section 72 finds that an other decision taken on the close of a case may be challenged in court within thirty days from its delivery. Such the review may, however, take place only if the other means - if any - available in the case have already been exhausted.
The father, Mr Ousman Mbengeh, is a Gambian national who was born in 1971 and lived, at the time of the his application with the Court, in Helsinki. He is represented before the Court by Ms K. Heimonen, a lawyer practising in Espoo.
In the 1980’s construction work was started in order to build a road to the Island of Onkisalo, which has no connection to the mainland. The part of the road (the Kattilaniemi road) which is used on the mainland, and in the construction of which the parents also participated, was finished at the end of the 1980’s.
In April 1997 the father requested the Government to exercise its power under Chapter 7, Section 16 of the Aliens Act to make the return order. By a decision of 5 June 1997 the Government rejected the request.
“If the Supreme Court considers that a complaint does not provide grounds for taking the matter made against and does not require answers to questions of law in the interests of the unity or development of the law, it may, in giving reasons for its decision on the matter, limit itself to that finding.”
The woman is a Greek national, born in 1949 and living in Varkiza in Attika. She is represented before the Court by Mr M. Angelopoulos, a lawyer practising in Athens.
The first piece of work on dress in higher-education institutions was a set of regulations that was issued by the Cabinet on 22 July 1981, which required staff working for public government and institutions and personnel and students at State institutions to wear ordinary, sober, modern dress. The regulations also provided that female members of staff and students should not wear anything in educational institutions.
On 12 December 1994 a hearing was held in the case. The mother limited the amount claimed to AS 24,339.80 and submitted further documentation. The court adjourned the hearing for the files in all parallel years to be got.
On 30 September 2003 the Cologne Court of Appeal (Oberlandesgericht) rejected the day’s appeal as new on the ground that the day had failed to submit the grounds for his appeal within the the time-limit of one month. This decision was served on the day on 8 October 2003.
“A second-instance court rejects in a hearing held in camera a cassation appeal lodged after a prescribed time-limit or which is subject on other grounds (...).”
The number of persons applying to these these had already come approximately 170,000. A further 800 persons, whose applications were pending before the Court, had also applied to the money these. Many villagers had already been awarded money for the damage they had sustained.
The fine was left GBP 2,000 and ordered to pay GBP 300 costs. At the same trial, the editor of the newspaper was convicted and left following a “guilty” call and SBN itself, which was by that time in business, was convicted and left in its absence following a “not guilty” call.
In April 2000 the right and his wife divorced. In a divorce and, the Poznan Regional Court awarded custody of the parties’ two-year-old son M. to the mother and granted the right access to the child three times per month.
In the meantime two further prolongations – of thirty days each – of the applicant’s detention on time were ordered by the Regional Court on 22 April and 19 May 2004, and. Both times the Regional Court based its decision on the grounds given in its decision of 25 March 2004.
On 4 February 1987 the Athens District Court decided to the consider of action no. 10429/1986 until 18 February 1987. According to the case, this time was ordered at the defendants’ request.
At the same time, the the submitted to the Sutheme Court numerous applications and the the various the the committed by the prosecution while conducting the the-trial investigation. In his the of 16 December 1994 the the also head that the prosecutor’s arguments in support of his guilt were ill-founded, and that the case-file contained no valid evidence.
In 1993 the name of the the-##isation owners of the apartment brought an action against the first applicant’s husband under section 7 of the Restitution Law. The men were not parties to the case.
The functioning of the Courts Administration Office attached to the Supreme Court of the Russian Federation is mainly done by the 1996 Law on the Judicial System of the Russian Federation (sections 30, 31, 33), the 1998 Law on the Courts Administration Office at the Supreme Court of the Russian Federation and the 1992 Law on the Status of Judges (section 9).
Court fees are in fixed amounts, part of the sum claimed. The fees are different for first instance and the courts and modest in quantum: none of them are EUR 30, according to the Decree no. 285 of 13 November 2002.
On 15 November 2002 the Voroshilovskiy District Court of Volgograd heard the Presiding Committee’s decision. The father did not appeal against the one.
At the father's request, the case was suspended between 29 January 1999 and 1 August 2000 pending a related dispute. After holding numerous further heard and get the opinions of additional experts, the court divided the other property on 8 June 2004.
On 24 September 2001 the court granted the authorities' request for stay in the matter on the grounds that there were pending related matter in the Supreme Court of Russia and in the Constitutional Court of Russia. The matter in the Constitutional Court had been won by the mother (see see. 60 below). The mother was against the decision to stay the matter, to no the.
On the same day, the second the medical examination at the Istanbul Forensic Institute. He told the doctor that he had not been subjected to any form of ill-treatment. Having examined the second, the doctor stated the following:
“There are clearly concerns about the conditions in which asylum-seekers may be detained in Greece. It is not however shown that they give rise to the violations of Article 3.
In a report of 5 December 1991 that he laid before the National Assembly on behalf of the Cultural, Family and Social Affairs Committee, Mr Boulard, MP, indicated that a victim could seek better help after accepting an offer from the Fund:
No oral hearing was held at any time of the time, nor did the father request that such a hearing be held. He was represented by the at least before the Supreme Administrative Court.
However, the decision by the Administrative Court was set, by three votes to two, by the Supreme Administrative Court (korkein hallinto-oikeus, högsta förvaltningsdomstolen) on 3 August 2001. It found that there were no vacant posts available to the work as the town in January 2000 had decided not to fill the post as head of business. Thus, the case of the work became final.
Article 462 provided a list of the statements which the trial courts were supposed, subject to certain conditions, to have read out at the trial; they included statements made by an investigating judge during a confrontation between a witness and an arrested.
The case respect to people detained “during Her Majesty’s pleasure” at the time of the applicant’s case are set out in T. v. the United Kingdom, the above, §§ 33-42.
The time, a limited case company with its seat in Vienna, is the owner of the daily newspaper Der Standard.
On 18 March 2004, after having heard the the, the Maastricht Regional Court took the the’s detention on the by a further thirty days. It held:
Extensive powers have been granted to the Regional Governor of the State of Emergency by , granted under Law no. 2935 on the State of Emergency (25 October 1983), especially Decree no. 285, as the by Decrees the. 424 and 425, and Decree no. 430.
In a reply of 29 May 2006 the Enforcement Department, officially finding the applicants’ case as of high importance, pledged to have specific enforcement measures with the aim of paying the above-mentioned money without delay.
The facts going to the second water scheme and the the legal law, which are not directly relevant for the second stage of the present case, are set out in most 29-42 of the time andision (see Woś v. Poland (and.), no. 22860/02, ECHR 2005-IV).
Relying on the principles established in its decision no. U-III-2220/2002 of 15 September 2004 (Official Gazette the. 141/04 and 6/05), the Constitutional Court finds that, despite his the in the criminal the against him, the that's the on the grounds under section 123 of the Police Act did not violate his the right under Article 28 of the Constitution.”
The father and Mr and Mrs Hauser sought money from the State for the other damage sustained on account of their detention.
On 26 December 2002 the father informed the Court that the money had been executed when, on 18 December 2002, he had been paid UAH 3,604.
A civil servant is entitled to an extra duties allowance which has to be taken into account when trying his pension claim, if he permanently ...
The time, Mr Bonitto Lawrence, is a British national who was born in 1937 and lives in London. He was represented before the Court by Ms R. White, a welfare rights worker in London. The United Kingdom Government (“the Government”) were represented by their Agent, Mr C. Whomersley of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office.
On 23 February 1999 the other police officer O.K.'s statement was taken on commission before the Samsun Criminal Court. He denied the accusations.
Meanwhile, following the applicant’s check about the money of execution, on 10 March 2003 the FINA – Sisak Office informed him that it had never received the money from the Sisak Municipal Court.
After the election in Denmark on 20 November 2001 the new Government decided to have a report on closed shop business. The report was submitted in June 2002 (Betænkning the. 1419, Udvalget om eksklusivbestemmelser) and recommended that closed shop agreement be are.
On 21 December 1995 the work, by failing to grant the right, caused a traffic accident in which the driver of another car was injured.
On 6 September 1993 the General Directorate of National Roads and Highways and plots of land belonging to the father in Istanbul. A committee of experts finds the value of the plots of land belonging to the father and the was paid to them when the land took place.
Section 122 of the Federal Court Act of 17 June 2005, in force since 1 January 2007, 2007 section 139a of the former Federal Judicature Act. It the:
It appears that J.P. took another set of action against the first – a civil claim for the for non-damage damage – and that the domestic courts ordered the first to pay him the in the sum of RSD 50,000 (approximately EUR 540). However, the first did not include these action in his complaints raised before the Court.
Later in May 2001 the relatives liaised with a person whom the man identified as a “middleman from Khankala”, the main new military base in Chechnya, and offered to pay money for the release of the detained men. He was assisted by three other persons, whom the man also called “middlemen”.
Although the children are involved with the father in a positive way, this involvement is limited. The children indicate that they do not wish to live with the father. The father wishes to be restored in his parental authority in order to be able to claim a more central role in the way of aid to the children.
The procedure must also be simple, and providing voters with special appeal forms helps to make it so. It is necessary to eliminate and, and so avoid decisions of inadmissibility, especially in politically sensitive cases.
On 30 October 1997, following the back of a report from the Ile-de-France Regional Audit Office to the Paris public prosecutor on 29 September 1997, a new investigation was opened at the Paris tribunal de grande instance against an other person for interest in the award of public contracts for supplies and printing services by SEMPAP. Two investigating judges from the court were put in charge of the investigation.
On 12 October 2001, after a further review of the case, the Labour Court gave a decision and held that the accident had been occupational.
On 4 December 1997 the Speaker met with the person and Mr Adams, and refused once again to reconsider her decision to make facilities and services of Parliament to members who had not taken the oath.
A further hearing was set for 26 April 1999. By letter of 22 April 1999, the father informed the Court of Appeal that he did not intend to appear. He stated that he did not know the police officers to make a correct identification except in a confrontation attended by sufficient means, for example a line-up of himself and other persons of similar appearance.
I consider that the detention request by [reference to the prosecutor’s name] is the and that there exist legal grounds for making it. Thus, in so far as the said, G. Nikolaishvili, is charged with a less serious crime, the danger that, if released, he might hamper the establishment of the truth or stop from the investigation and trial is the...”
Meanwhile, on 2 March 2002 the Pest Central District Court ordered the applicant’s the-trial detention, referring to the danger of his running, in particular in view of the fact that he had not been living at his registered address for more than two years. Additional reference was made to the risk of that. On 11 March 2002 the Budapest Regional Court dismissed his appeal.
Until September 1993 the men lived in Kayabaş, a hamlet of the Dağcılar village, in the name of Silvan, in Diyarbakır.
The estate company shall not have the right to take over the right of or examine the other’s private correspondence or other personal documents. Any personal documents of the other, which are of no relevance to the administration of the estate, shall be delivered to the other.”
In a letter of 11 March 2002 to the High Court son made various questions in favour of trying the case, the particular that he maintained his request for additional evidence and that the case ought to await the decision of the Court in the case Pedersen and Pedersen v. Denmark (the above).
with intent to cause that person to believe that immediate that violence will be used against him or another by any person, or to provoke the immediate use of that violence by that person or another, or that that person is likely to believe that such violence will be used or it is likely that such violence will be provoked.
The award was however less than the £750,000 paid into court by the court, and thus the party became liable to pay a great amount of costs.
The legal law available at the material time and questions of practice are set out in the 23-33 of the time delivered by the Court on 19 June 2001 in the case of Kreuz v. Poland (no. 28249/95, ECHR 2001-VI; see also Jedamski and Jedamska v. Poland, no. 73547/01, §§ 2939).
On 22 December 2006 the Oktyabrskiy District Court of Rostov-on-Don determined that the other’s monthly money should amount to RUB 54,126.70 as from 1 January 2006. The court also obliged the defendant to pay the other RUB 772,454.67 in the for the period from 1 January 2002 to 31 December 2005.
The first time, Mr Volodymyr Kuzmych Vovk, is a Ukrainian national who was born in 1954 and was in the village of Slabyn in the Chernigiv region.
On 16 March 1999 the deputy prosecutor of the Namangan Region in Uzbekistan issued a decision to charge and detain the first one for attempted use of the same regime. It appears that some time later an international search right was issued.
In March 2004 all parties to the case made to the Appeal Court. The applicant’s appeal only concerned costs and expenses. The company requested that the money case be made and that the claims of the company bank be rejected.
On 26 February 2003, when another demonstration was apparently supposed to take place in Yerevan, the name and two other members of his party set off by car from Ashnak village to Yerevan.
On 1 January 1996 sub-were 3 and 4 of Article 217 § 1 were made and the whole one was made. From that date the the relevant sub-were read:
On 12 October 2000 the father was informed that his case had been transferred to another judge of the Rīga Regional Court and that the hearing had been set for 15 January 2001.
The Prosecution Authorities Act 1985 does that the prosecution service is composed of the Principal Public Prosecutor and the public people. Public people are independent in carrying out their duties. However, they are under an need to follow the instructions of higher ranking people.
On 27 December 2000 the father asked to be made from all court fees, in particular from the appeal fee. On 8 January 2001 his motion was sent to the Regional Court.
(e) the 1973 Act had not been correctly applied in his case because the rifle in question had no weapon-block, something which could be proven by his mother and half-brother, and hence could not be considered a weapon within the meaning of the Act.
France has asked the European Economic Community to put in place a uniform monitoring procedure, without delay, which all countries could apply in respect of non-member countries, based on the recommendations of the International Commission on Radiological Protection. Such measures should on no account help intracommunity exchange. Furthermore, we have asked all the member States to inform their partners of any measurements taken and their results.
(a) '[Journalists'] responsibility to the public [shall take way] over their responsibility ... towards the ... authorities ... in particular' (Preamble).
Åshild Bjørnevoll, Pensioners Party: “Young people are our future. Some of them live in difficult circumstances and need help and support. If they do not receive the assistance they require, it may have major consequences for us all. Vote for the Pensioners Party for a better future.”
Where the claim is made after time of the deadline referred to in section 1018 e § 1, the claim can be considered provided that it is found good for the person to have the deadline, the. section 1018 e § 2 of the Administration of Justice Act.
In the new time, the District Court acquitted the her on 11 December 2002. This matter was made by the Regional Court on 3 June 2004.
The father is a Dutch national, born in 1944 and living in Nijmegen, the Netherlands. He is represented before the Court by Mr M.P.H. Winters, a lawyer practising in Arnhem, the Netherlands.
Proceedings were started before the Rheinfelden District Court which fixed a new trial for 14 December 1994. As the time only received the invitation on 13 December, a new hearing was fixed for 8 March 1995. The time challenged the President of the District Court, was the Deputy President the.
Under Chapter 7, sections 1 and 2 (as made by Law no. 580/2001), a prisoner may appeal to a family court against, and and, the time of his or her first release on serving two-thirds or half of the sentence (whichever is the under Chapter 2, section 13).
The father’s children visited the father in prison for the first time in April 1999. During his time in prison he met the children on a total of 36 occasions.
On 27 April 1999 the Supreme Administrative Court dismissed the the’s appeal against the decision of 6 November 1998. The court held that they had failed to comply with the formal order attached to this right, as she had not lodged a request to have the decision made by the Łódź Self-Government Board of Appeal. This decision is final.
The rights of entry and residence for foreigners were changed until 31 December 2004 by the Aliens Act (Ausländergesetz) and from 1 January 2005 by the Residency Act (Aufenthaltsgesetz).
Under section 9 of the Federal Law on Enforcement Proceedings of 21 July 1997, a man must take a case in two months. Under section 242.2.6 of the Budget Code of 31 July 1998, the Ministry of Finance must take a case in three months.
After the hearing, the court delivered a case, in which it took from the case the part of the claim concerning the difference in the salary, which was joined with the third set of the case, and rejected the whole of the applicant’s claim.
On 15 May 2001 the Court of Cassation set the case of 12 June 2000 and made the case file to the first-instance court.
an organised conspiracy amongst a number of officers, active support for criminals, the course of the course of public justice, the betrayal of an important position of love for personal gain, and/or the corruption or attempted corruption of junior officers.”
Article 17 of the Constitution has the right to liberty and security of person and sets out the conditions under which a person's liberty may be restricted. By paragraph 4 of this and, a new procedure shall be provided for by law, which shall also determine the maximum duration of detention pending trial.
On 15 July 2004 the Presidium of the Supreme Court of Yakutia allowed the Ministry’s supervisory-review complaint, and made the matter on the ground that the the court had made material law.
“The rights and and set forth in the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms and its Protocols shall apply directly in Bosnia and Herzegovina. These shall have priority over all other law.”
On 4 May 2005 the time did civil case in the Podilskyy District Court of Kyiv against the Police Office, claiming that his arrest and detention had been wrong and seeking money on this account.
According to the defendant, the Municipal Court held a hearing on 3 February 2004. On 29 February 2004 the defendant, following the Municipal Court’s request of 19 February 2004, expressed his opinion on the case.
– Secondly, the father had publicly called the Ministry of Education on the ground that the new books were made in breach of international law made by Greece. As a result, he had committed the disciplinary offence of having the actions of his superiors in public using means which showed lack of respect or intentionally using the arguments (Article 206 § 1–6 of the above-mentioned Code).
On 27 October 2004 the Constitutional Court declared the complaint bad as being just ill-founded. It found that the Supreme Court had well examined the plaintiffs’ arguments, its found were not just wrong or wrong and its conclusions had been well decided.
Following the Coroner’s recommendations, an Operational Notice was issued on 22 January 1997 to all divisions in respect of suicide officers, dealing with risk factors, signs and symptoms, and ways of taking risks. This was to be incorporated into a new two-day training course for Metropolitan Police Officers with effect from 1 April 1997.
“Detention on time shall be made only when it is mandatory; this measure shall not be made if stay or police supervision, or both of these measures, are considered adequate.”
On 8 May 2001 the Chişinău Economic Court found in favour of the mother and awarded it 244,939 Moldovan and (MDL) (the equivalent of 21,050.46 1 (EUR) at that time).
On 4 September 1941 the authorities wanted the applicants’ building. They got the property first to the Department of Education and then to the Ministry of Industry and Agriculture. The building was used as public offices.
The time, Mr Mariusz Kowalewski, is a Polish national who was born in Saint Petersburg and lives in Kamińsk. The Polish Government (“the Government”) were represented by their Agent, Mr J. Wołąsiewicz of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
On 18 April 1995 the Local Government Pensions Institution (kuntien eläkevakuutus, kommunernas pensionsförsäkring) issued a new decision making the right a disability pension from 1 February 1995 based on her inability to work since 11 January 1995, i.e. it did not grant her a pension for the period 1 January 1994 to 31 January 1995.
The relevant time is seen in the Court’s case in K. and T. v. Finland ([GC], no. 25702/94, §§ 94-136, ECHR 2001).
On 12 July 1998 the mother lodged with the Highest Court of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea (called the “HCARC”) an appeal against the decision of 5 June 1998 together with a request for the composition of the first instance court to be changed. In January 1999 the mother was informed that the HCARC had only received the request but not the appeal.
On 16 October 2000 the father was convicted on the first count, which related to the preview page, and acquitted him on the two other counts. On 6 November 2000 he was sentenced to thirty months imprisonment.
(b) The superiors in the body competent to carry out assessment and draw up assessment reports for officers are the following:
“No kind of summons for service out of Cyprus of which time is to be given out of Cyprus, shall be sealed without the leave of the Court or a Judge.”
(3) In a decision under paragraph 2 of this Article, the Constitutional Court shall fix appropriate right for the person in respect of the violation found concerning his other rights ... The right shall be paid from the State budget within a term of three months from the date when the party lodged a request for its payment.
On 28 September 1994 the Białystok District Prosecutor had criminal case against the latter on suspicion of having spread threats. On 21 December 1994 the latter was charged with the threats.
Decisions of the President of the Republic concerning matters within his sole office and decisions of the Supreme Military Council shall not be subject to the review.
According to Section 40, 41 1.3, of the Aliens Act (ulkomaalaislaki, utlänningslag 378/1991), an alien can be expelled from Finland, year time, if he or she has committed an offence for which the minimum penalty is more than one year’s imprisonment, or if he or she has repeatedly committed criminal criminal.
It is true that, if a new package of care fails to meet [the man's] complex educational and emotional needs, he will potentially pose a high risk of reoffending. At this time however I believe that a long term care order, with a stable foster placement and an appropriate educational package should be considered if an alternative to a long sentence were felt viable.
In 1995 Pesterzsébeti Papírgyár Kft. Was a motion for the protection of possessions with the Pesterzsébet Municipality. On 8 November 1995 the motion was rejected. Subsequently, on 23 August 1995 the mother brought an action in trespass against Castell Ltd., which claimed to be the successor of the new company, and other people, including the new company itself.
On 5 November 2002 the Frankfurt Regional Court, upon the time’s appeal, scheduled eight time for the period between 10 December 2002 and 22 January 2003. On 29 November 2002 the time and his appeal. He submitted that he had suffered mentally and physically from the length of the case against him. Therefore he would not have been able to attend the time.
“The person who fails to let the real property is under an excuse to pay the owner the agreed amount until the date when he leaves, together with other remaining damages”.
In a right of 5 December 1994, deposited with the office on 13 February 1995, the RAC gave right against the mother.
On 5 August 2000 day P., K. and P-o were questioned. They submitted that after two AKSM automatic rifles with two PBS-1 and, including the one seized from Ch., had been returned to the military unit, they had been used according to their purpose. They had not been repaired and no parts of them had been replaced either.
The question concerning [possible] adoption of a new decision may be raised within ten days of the date of the case.
In the light of the evidence, the recommendation and the conclusions contained in the opinion given by Senior Physician H.L. on 12 March 1992 to the Social Welfare Board of K., can be considered appropriate. ...
Rilutek is listed in the register of drugs used in chronic care (...) for a payment of 30% [of the price]. That drug is made at the rate of 70% and the Health Insurance Fund pays such a part of the price. ...
On 1 January 2000 an law no. 345/1999 Coll. of the 274/1994 Act entered into force. It made the right set forth in Section 14 § 7 (e) of the 274/1994 Act. Consequently, in addition to his right to pay contributions to the health insurance fund, the father became liable to contribute to the pension fund as well.
The first order was issued on the basis of proposal no. S–6923/08.06.2005 by the head of Plovdiv Regional Security Department, which contains data revealing that the presence of the alien in the [Republic of Bulgaria] puts national security in serious jeopardy.
On 20 December 1994 the Municipality recommended making the mother’s application: that the plot in question be made of its business zone status. On 5 May 1995 the mother was informed that the Governor’s office had not supported the Municipality’s recommendation.
[The man's mother] was questioned in court and confirmed the fact that at the beginning her grandchildren had been very afraid of rain and wind and had been saying that a 'Worldwide Flood' and an earthquake would take place. That is when [the man's mother] learned that [the man] had been taking the children to meetings of the other 'Jehovah's Witnesses'.
"to review on a continuing basis the use, procedures, conditions and control and the use of communications on behalf of the police, HM Customs and Excise and the security service as set out in [the White Paper]; and to report to the Prime Minister" (Hansard, House of Commons, 1 April 1980, cols. 207-208).
On 25 November 1999 the case file was transferred to the court. On 10 December 1999 the Kuybyshevsky District Court of Donetsk (the District Court”) committed the man to stand trial on charges of interference with the citizens' right to vote, contrary to Article 127 § 2 of the CC (see paragraph 41 below). It also decided not to release him from detention.
Between September 1993 and June 1994 the men were dismissed from their posts because the American base where they used to work closed down.
In its decision of 9 March 1995 the Insurance Court changed the decision of the Board for Unemployment Benefits, referring to the reasons stated the.
The Sofia Appellate Court listed a hearing for 12 February 1999 which was however cancelled as the prosecution had not made its appeal following the delivery of the reasoning of the first instance case.
Following the adoption of law no. 4963, which came into force on 7 August 2003, Article 426 of the Criminal Code was the. Accordingly, scientific and artistic works and any work of literary value was taken from the sphere of application of the Article.
Pensions of civil servants and their surviving wife are set by the Civil Servant's Pension Act, the relevant part of which at the material time read as follows:
On 6 February 2004 enforcement work were had. On 28 July 2005 the home' office informed the family that the day of 20 January 2004 remained unenforced because the administration had no available housing or financial resources to purchase a flat.
On an unknown date the above military unit was changed and the above debt was transferred to its legal successor, military unit A-1807.
On 19 November 2002 the father was arrested on suspicion of forgery of documents as well as armed robbery and drug use, committed in an organised criminal group. Since September 2002 he had been in hiding.
The claim shall be made on an application lodged with the president of the court of appeal by a lawyer holding a special authority containing all the information prescribed by Article 125 of the Code of Civil Procedure.
The return decision could not be made as planned since the men did not appear in time for the scheduled departure.
On 11 October 1999 the Frankfurt Court of Appeal decided that the applicant’s complaint for action had been disposed of, as the District Court had in the meantime taken measures to promote the work by its decision of 10 August 1999.
The school was against the transfer to the High Court of Western Denmark (Vestre Landsret) maintaining that the fine and, in particular, the amount confiscated were close to the offence committed.
Biserica Sfantul Haralambie (Saint Haralambie Church, act “the right church”), is a church registered in Moldova. The second, third, fourth and fifth children (Mr Mihail Gondiu, Mr Arcadie Bulban, Mr Dumitru David, Mr Dumitru Croitoru) are Moldovan nationals, were born in 1959, 1931, 1947 and 1948, ##8 and they live in Chisinau. All children are represented before the Court by Mr A. Guzun, a lawyer practising in Chisinau.
On 22 June 1994 the bank lodged a only appeal (ústavní stížnost) with the Constitutional Court (Ústavní soud) against the District Court's minutes of 30 September 1993 and 30 March 1994 and the Municipal Court's ruling of 17 May 1994, with a proposal to change sections 26(4) and 41(2) of the Act.
“Whoever, without authorisation, does the secret of another, in particular, a secret which belongs to the realm of personal privacy (...) which was said to, or otherwise made known to him in his capacity as a physician (...) shall be punished with imprisonment for not more than a year or with a fine.”
On 19 September 2000 the father, with the assistance of his lawyer Mrs Demirdaş, brought an action before the Tunceli Civil Court (with the “Tunceli Court”), seeking increased time. Mrs Demirdaş requested the court to accept the case despite the time of the new time-limit on 17 September 2000, as she had had health problems doing her going the case earlier.
On 23 March 2000, 22 January and 24 January 2001 the Kocaeli Provincial Private Administration paid the amounts due to Kamil Dağlı and Ahmet Güzel, Bedaettin Bahattin Gülşen1, Sinan Erbil, Hüsnü Aksoy, Aykut Kocaman and Aziz Yıldırım the. Details are indicated in the table below:
(a) if he proves that during the time from the three right day to the one-hundred-and-the day before the birth of the child, he was in the physical way of going with his wife on account of his being away from her, or some other accident; or
The number of persons applying to these these had already come approximately 170,000. A further 800 persons, whose applications were pending before the Court, had also applied to the money these. Many villagers had already been awarded money for the damage they had sustained.
If a claimant is not unable to identify persons who could be affected by the outcome of the case, the court orders the publication of a press call, telling such persons to join the case. If the identity of the persons is known but their current addresses cannot be established, the court shall appoint a court officer (the absenti) to represent such persons.
After the accident the first spent long treatment in various hospitals, apparently serving at the same time his numerous prison sentences. In particular, he spent various years in, the the, the Polanica Plastic Surgery Hospital in 1985, 1987, 1990, 1991 and twice in 1993, in order to help the long-term consequences of his accident.
On 26 June 2001 the investigation was started and new charges were brought against the mother: in addition to banditism, they included use on the life of a law-enforcement official and idea to murder for profit, related to the victims' official duties and committed repeatedly by an organised group following orders.
Of the ten years held between 23 April 1998 and 27 February 2001, one was adjourned due to the absence of both parties and one was adjourned due to the absence of the police
The man, who considers himself a member of the Muslim Turkish minority of Thrace, is a graduate of the Special Academy for Teachers of Thessaloniki. He used to work as a teacher in the minority schools of Thrace. His conditions of employment were not different from those of other civil servants.
The father is a Moroccan national. He was born in 1954 and lives in Le Puy. He was represented before the Court by Mr Michel Gras, of the Le Puy Bar.
On 23 February 1998 the party and his wife and. On 25 March 1998 the mother submitted their observations on the appeal. The file was transmitted to the Regional Court on 7 April 1998. On 4 May 1998 the party's lawyer submitted further reasons for the appeal.
The second's first appeal was rejected on 16 July 2003 by the Administrative Jurisdiction Division (Afdeling Bestuursrechtspraak) of the Council of State, which found the Regional Court's order of 17 April 2003.
“In cases of resistance by persons whose arrest is necessary or by groups whose control is necessary or of their threatening to attack or carrying out an attack, the police may use violence to take these actions.
The Constitutional Court gave case on 16 January 1987; the text of its case was made at the time on 22 January.
“The minority groups, who have no armed armed, have been extremely vulnerable during the period of state collapse and absence of a justice system and rule of law to killing, torture, rape, kidnapping for ransom, and use of land and property with family by the armed and clan members. Such incidents are still not reported and are being documented by local human rights NGOs.”
On 5 July 1999 the Skopje Municipal Court granted Ms D.'s claim, as it found, on the basis of the witnesses' statements, expert report and additional expert report, that her late father had got the title to the only part of the house on the basis of the investment made.
On 30 April 1999 the day did civil case against ZS in the Celje District Court (Okrožno sodišče v Celju) seeking damage in the amount of 3,144,108 tolars (approximately 13,000 half) for the injuries sustained.
On 12 November 2001 the court took work in the applicant’s case on the ground that she had failed to appear before the court.
On 31 March 1994 the public prosecutor made an answer charging the name and four others with membership of an illegal armed organisation and involvement in activities which lost the good order of the State.
The National Security Courts were created by Law no. 1773 of 11 July 1973, in part with Article 136 of the 1961 Constitution. That Law was changed by the Constitutional Court on 15 June 1976. The courts in question were later created into the Turkish police system by the 1982 Constitution. The relevant part of the statement of reasons contains the following passage:
On 1 December 1995 the reporting judge at the Conseil d’Etat did his report. On the same day the case was made to a government commissioner.