The toilet facilities, including five cabins, were shared by four units (nos. 2, 6, 7 and 9) which housed about 700 prisoners in total.
Under Article 25 of the Basic Law, the general rules of international law are a part of federal law. These international law rules come first and directly create rights and duties for the people of German territory.
On November 2, 2005, the Court of Appeal agreed with the lower court’s decision in full. Concerning the complaint about the length of the proceedings, the court, without explaining why, said that the tax cases could not be considered to have been of lenghty duration.
On May 7, 2002, the Chişinău Regional Court agreed with the decision of 4 March 2002. It repeated the reasoning of the first-instance court in rejecting the claim for compensation regarding financial and non-financial damages.
On 5 and 26 June, 11 September, and 16 October 1996 the County Court rejected further requests from the applicant to have the measure lifted, without specifying reasons. On 18 December 1996, the County Court rejected a similar request. This time, it explained that the circumstances that had led to the taking of the measure had not changed.
A report dated 14 April 1993 by the Hozat police informed the Hozat public prosecutor that Ahmet Kaya's claim had been investigated. The investigation revealed that no Hozat police officer had made a statement claiming that Can and Kaya had been held at the Tunceli Security Directorate.
Between 27 September 2002 and 20 February 2003, the applicant requested the court to extend the time limits for the submission of his comments on V.’s expert report seven times.
On October 28, 1997, the Lębork District Court combined the applicant’s case with similar cases against seven other members of the cooperative.
Under Article 71 § 4, someone cannot be held in detention before trial for more than 3 years. In cases of particularly serious offences, under Article 41 § 2 of the Criminal Code, the time limit of detention before trial can be extended to four years.
According to Article 187, a citizen or a legal person, who is not the owner of an immovable property but has good intention, openly and continuously possessed it as his own property for a period of ten years, shall obtain the ownership of that property (adverse possession).
Broad prophylactic prohibitions that fail to ‘respond precisely to the substantive problem which legitimately concerns’ the State cannot cope intermediate scrutiny.”
Based on all circumstances —the anonymous caller claiming to have eye-witness knowledge, the contemporaneous reporting of the activity, and the specificity of the description of the person holding the firearm, which the PRPD matched to Rivas-Castro—the call was reliable.
(explaining that ratification requires “knowledge of the alleged constitutional violation”); Gillette, 979 F.2d at 1342 (“[A] single decision by a municipal policymaker may be sufficient to apply section 1983 liability under Monell ... [if there is] evidence of a conscious, affirmative choice.”); Neuroth v. Mendocino Cty., No.
27, 2010) (“Mitchell has, on three or more prior occasions, brought an action or appeal. The claims were dismissed on the grounds that they were frivolous or failed to state a claim upon which relief may be granted. He has been informed of his three-strike status by numerous courts.”); Deen-Mitchell v. Young, No.
the charged state entity and the charged individual actors caused the danger or increased plaintiffs vulnerability to the danger in some way; (2) plaintiff was a member of a limited and specially definable group; (3) defendants’ actions caused substantial risk of serious, immediate, and proximate harm of the plaintiff; (4) the risk was clear or known; (5) defendants acted carelessly and disregarded that risk; and (6) such action, when viewed in total, is conscious shocking
For ease of reference, these other creditors shall be called as the “Lender Group.” As their agent, Mittman engaged in extensive actions with the Judgment Creditors over the right to receive approximately $841,000.00 due to the Debtor from Vonage.
First, the court must “consider the elements a plaintiff must plead to state a claim.” Second, the court should identify allegations that, “because they are no more than conclusions, are not entitled to the assumption of truth.” Finally, “where there are well-pleaded factual allegations, a court should assume their veracity and then determine whether they plausibly cause an entitlement for relief.”
So, too, a reasonable jury could find that this constitutional violation is attributable to ASORT through subsequent ratification, as provided below with regards to the municipal defendants, see Wright, 138 F.Supp.2d at 957-58, or through the actions of Commander Combs and Team Leader Miller, who had unfettered discretion to determine the manner in which the knock-and-announce would be performed (see Doc.
A reciprocal insurance exchange, “in its pure form ... is a web of contractual relationships between subscribers who agree to insure one another, consummated through a common agent with power of attorney.” The overriding question is whether USAA is properly accepted as a corporation or an unincorporated association as regards diversity jurisdiction.
Martinez testified he told the nurse about the beating he claims to have received during his medical screening the day after he arrived at the Federal Detention Center, based on her review of Martinez's Health Screen form and her independent recollection of Martinez. However Pascale testified she is perfectly sure both that Martinez did not tell her he had been injured and that she did not see any injuries.
This Court “may consider a number of factors, including whether the work performed was repetitious, if a lawyer takes extra time due to inexperience, or if a lawyer performs tasks normally performed by legal assistants, clerical personnel, or other non-lawyers.”
Obviously, and to the extent further discussion of essential character is even necessary here: the essence of pots and pans is to contain and cook, and they can serve those functions with or without lids. While lids may complete or enhance that purpose, they are merely incidental thereto and serve no purpose otherwise without the pots/pans to which they are intended to be fitted or combined.
Moreover, under section 5121, a determination of whether accrued benefits should be granted “must be determined based on evidence that was either'physically or constructively in the [deceased claimant’s] file at the time of his death.” Ralston v. West, 13 Vet.App.
We will pay all sums an “insured” legally must pay as damages because of “bodily injury” or “property damage” to which this insurance applies, caused by an “accident” and resulting from “garage operations” involving the ownership, maintenance or use of covered “autos”.
Where, as here, a prisoner “challenges the very fact or duration of his physical detention, and the relief he seeks is a determination that he is entitled to immediate release or a speedier release from that detention, his sole federal remedy is a judge's order to bring prisoner into court.” Preiser v. Rodriguez, 411 U.S. 475, 500, 93 S.Ct.
Plaintiffs’ actions (1) required defendant to submit three additional motions (2) unnecessarily lengthened this case, (3) required defendant to spend more money than it should have, and (4) wasted the time of both defendant and the Court.
During the interview, Defendant commented to Chief Koivunen that he had been using methamphetamine the previous week. He said that he was “up over a week.” Defendant also stated that he had been using methamphetamine on May 6 “all day.”
In the two years following Mr. Dodson’s death, Mrs. Carroll did not seek Dependency and Indemnity Compensation (“DIC”) benefits. DIC are allowances paid to the “surviving spouse” of a veteran whose death resulted from a service-related injury or disease.
Wendy's found that a jury demand meant that a contractual jury waiver was given up. But, the opinion contains essentially no reasoning and does not explicitly say whether the jury demand in that case was "proper”, as it should be according to Rule 38, sub-paragraph d of Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.
The debtor under Chapter 13 of the Bankruptcy Code, Gary D. Barbee (“Debtor”), filed a complaint against U.S. Bank National Association as trustee for the Truman FHA Trust 2008-1, through its mortgage administrator BAC Home Loan Servicing (“Bank”). By this complaint, he wanted to avoid paying the Bank interest in his manufactured home pursuant to Title 11 of U.S. Code.
The bankruptcy court decided in favor of NBI without full a full trial on November 9, 2011. White can no longer sue NBI before the courts whether he committed fraud against NBI. White is sentenced to damages in the amount of $378,486.17.
However, the DOC accepts that it is unfamiliar with the billing practices of most Minnesota shops. The DOC reached this conclusion from statements from Reid, Rosar, Schmultz, and a few others associated with Minnesota’s auto-glass industry.
Accordingly, Ms. Cheeo could have been granted an extension of deadline to submit her claim if she had been careful enough to avoid liability between July 6, 2011 — the date of the Board decision — and October 6, 2011 — the date on which the Board decision was resent to her at her new address.
Over a year, the Plaintiff received $108,500.00 from the $424,233.00, which is missing. However, it is unclear whether the $108,500.00 came from one of the Trust Enterprise accounts, Defendant Birch’s IOLTA account, or an unknown account.”
The District Court found that the plaintiffs’ claim that they worked beyond normal working hours was inadequate based on facts. The reason is that despite numerous claims, the plaintiffs could not prove a specific instance where a named Plaintiff worked for more hours, for which he was not compensated.
After reviewing the relevant Ohio and federal statutes, he found that “abuse” is defined as “the willful pain of injury, unreasonable confinement, intimidation or punishment with resulting physical harm, pain or mental agony.”
In the performance, Plaintiffs provide legitimate accusations that MacIntyre was not paid for a total of 76 hours of overtime between 2012 and 2014, and Sullivan was not paid overtime for a total of 48 hours in 2013 and 2014.
The Government argues that Mr. Haddad lacks the right to bring a lawsuit for the '844 patent, as he gave away all significant rights to Astornet, the sole exclusive licensee of the '844 patent.
The First Circuit has ruled that “punishment claims are preserved so long as the punishment is reasonably related to and grows out of the discrimination complained of to the agency.”
To avoid being dismissed under Rule 12(b)(6) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, a plaintiff must present enough factual information in their claim to make it "plausible on its face." Twombly, 550 U.S. at 570, 127 S.Ct.
To obtain a favorable decision, the suer must show the following: (1) he is a member of a protected group; (2) was sexually harassed; (3) the harassment was based on sex and (4) worsened the work environment; and that (5) the employer is responsible at least indirectly.
Several courts have decided that placing child pornography in a shared folder on a file-sharing network requires distribution enhancement. However, no court has used the Sentencing Guidelines definition of "distribution" to clarify the term's meaning.
Therefore, if a restriction or condition is purposeless, a court may assume by law that the purpose of the governmental action is an unfair and unusual punishment.
Lastly, he claims that on August, 2014, he learned the “forms never reach[ed] [the New] Orleans[] [RO]” and “the counselor [] was upset that [he] continue® to call asking about these form[s] and want[ed] to know who [] [he] had been talking to,” and refused to file a notice of application.
A jury does not have to accept an expert's opinion, and defendants' experts present different views. However, based on suers' experts' views, a jury could somewhat find that it is more likely than not that one of the defendants' PIFs was contaminated and caused E.B.'s illness,
For past performance, the solicitation informed offerors that “[t]he Government will conduct a performance confidence assessment based upon the past performance of major or critical aspects of the requirement as it relates to the probability of successfully performing the solicitation requirements.”
When a federal court sits in diversity, it “authortiy over a non-resident defendant if (1) an applicable state long-arm statute grants authority and (2) the assertion of that authority is consistent with constitutional fairness of proceedings.” Nichols v. G.D. Searle & Co., 991 F.2d 1195, 1199 (4th Cir.1993).
A decision is considered “final and ... re-examinable where it 1) resolves and seriously affects substantive rights and 2) finally determines the seperate issue to which it is addressed.” Dye v. Brown (In re AFI Holding, Inc.), 530 F.3d 832, 836 (9th Cir.2008) (quoting Schulman v. California (In re Lazar), 237 F.3d 967, 985 (9th Cir.2001)).
Once admitted into the Minnesota Department of Corrections (“MDOC”) system, Brooks received a chemical-dependency assessment, as all new persons under confinement are required to have under Minnesota law, and was ordered to complete treatment in order to be transferred to a lower-security prison, qualify for work release, and avoid disciplinary sanctions.
Such a need is established if either: (1) failure to obtain expedited processing would pose an “fast approaching threat to the life or physical safety of an individual”; or (2) the requester is “primarily engaged in spreading information” and shows an “urgency to inform the public concerning actual or alleged Federal Government activity.” 5 U.S.C.
