The toilet facilities, consisting of five cubicles, were shared by four units (nos. 2, 6, 7 and 9). They housed about 700 inmates in total.
Pursuant to Article 25 of the Basic Law, the general rules of international law form an integral part of federal law. They prevail over statute law and directly create rights and duties for the inhabitants of German territory.
On 2 November 2005 the Court of Appeal upheld the lower court’s judgment in full. With regard to the complaint about the length of the proceedings, the court found that the tax proceedings could not be considered to have been of excessive duration. However, the court did not give any reason.
On 7 May 2002 the Chişinău Regional Court upheld the judgment of 4 March 2002. It repeated the reasoning of the first-instance court in rejecting the claim for compensation in respect of monetary and non-monetary damage.
On 5 and 26 June, 11 September and 16 October 1996 the County Court rejected further requests from the applicant to have the measure lifted. Applicant had not  specified the reasons. On 18 December 1996 the County Court rejected a similar request on the ground that the circumstances that had led to the taking of the measure had not changed.
A report dated 14 April 1993 by the Hozat police informed the Hozat public prosecutor that Ahmet Kaya's allegation had been investigated. The investigation disclosed that no Hozat police officer had made a statement alleging that Can and Kaya had been held at Tunceli Security Directorate.
Between 27 September 2002 and 20 February 2003 the applicant requested the court seven times to extend the time-limits for the submission of his comments on V.’s expert report.
On 28 October 1997 the Lębork District Court joined the applicant’s case with similar proceedings against seven other members of the cooperative.
Under Article 71 § 4, a person’s pre-trial detention shall not exceed three years. In cases of particularly serious offences, within the meaning of Article 41 § 2 of the Criminal Code, the maximum period of pre-trial detention is four years.
According to Article 187, a citizen or a legal person, who is not the owner of an immovable property, manifestly and continuously possessed it as his own property for a period of ten years, shall obtain ownership in respect of that property (adverse possession). For this to happen, this person shall not know either that he is not the owner of the property or he should not be able to know he does not have the ownership of the property.
Broad cautionary bans that do not fully address the substantive issue of legitimate concern of the state cannot withstand interim scrutiny. 838 F.3d at 73 (quoting Members of City Council of City of L.A. v. Taxpayers for Vincent, 466 U.S. 789, 810, 104 S.Ct.
Considering all the circumstances, including an anonymous caller claiming eyewitness knowledge, contemporaneous reporting of the activity, and the detailed description of the person holding the firearm, which the PRPD matched to Rivas-Castro, the call was deemed reliable.
(noting that confirmation requires “knowledge of the alleged constitutional violation”); Gillette, 979 F.2d at 1342 (“A single decision by a municipal policymaker may be sufficient to raise section 1983 liability under Monell…[if] there is evidence of a conscious, positive choice.”); Neuroth - Mendocino Cty., No.
27, 2010) (“Mitchell has previously applied to the superior court on three or more occasions. The reason for the application is that the claims are insignificant or that there is no claim for which compensation can be granted. He was notified of three strike situations by multiple courts.”); Deen-Mitchell v. Young, No.
the accused state agency and individual actors created danger or increased plaintiffs' vulnerability; (2) the suer was a member of a limited and specifically identifiable group; (3) respondents' conduct places suer at risk of serious, direct, and imminent harm; (4) the risk was obvious or known; (5) the respondents acted recklessly in conscious disregard of this risk; and (6) such behavior is, on the whole, deliberately shocking.
For reference, other creditors will be collectively referred to as the "Lender Group". Mittman, as their representative, engaged in extensive litigation with the Judgment Creditors regarding the Debtor's right to receive approximately $841,000.00 due from Vonage.
First, the court must "take into account the elements necessary to the suer’s defence." Second, the court must find that the claims “are not entitled to the presumption of fact because they are nothing more than conclusions.” Finally, “where there are well-defended factual claims, the court must assume their truth and then determine whether they give rise to a reasonable right to relief.”
Likewise, a reasonable jury might find, through subsequent confirmation, that this constitutional violation was attributable to ASORT, as noted below with respect to the municipal defendants (see Wright, 138 F.Supp.2d at 957-58) or through motiıns of Commander Combs and Team Leader Miller, who have unlimited discretion to determine how the announcement will be carried out (see Doc.
A mutual insurance exchange is “in its purest form…a network of contractual relationships between subscribers who agree to insure each other, completed through a common agent holding power of attorney.” The most important question is whether USAA is properly treated as a corporation or an unincorporated association for diversity jurisdiction purposes.
Martinez said that during his medical examination the day after he arrived at the Federal Detention Center, he told the nurse that he got beated. Examining Martinez's Health Screening form and based on her memories of Martinez, Pascale is 100 percent certain that Martinez did not tell her he was injured, nor did she see any injuries.
This Court “may consider various factors, including whether the work performed was duplicative, if a lawyer takes extra time due to his/her inexperience, or if a lawyer performs tasks normally performed by non-lawyers.”
Obviously and to the extent more discussion on what makes something dispensable to a certain structures even necessary here: he essence of pots and pans is to contain and cook, and they can serve those functions with or without lids. While lids may complete or enhance that purpose, they are only secondary, and the lids only serve with the pots/pans to which they are intended to be fitted or combined.
Moreover, according to section 5121, the evidence that was either 'physically or by interpretation in the [deceased claimant’s] file at the time of his death must be taken into consideration in order to determine whether earned benefits must be given.Ralston v. West, 13 Vet.App.
We will pay all amounts that an “insured” legally must pay as the compensation because of the “bodily injury” or “property damage” occurred by an “accident and resulting from “garage operations” involving the ownership, maintenance or use of covered “autos” that are under the scope of this insurance.
If a prisoner "questions a reason or duration of his physical imprisonment" like here, and he wants "the court to determine that he should be released immediately or released from that imprisonment faster, his only legal solution provided under federal law is requesting to be called to the court." Preiser v. Rodriguez, 411 U.S. 475, 500, 93 S.Ct.
Due to the actions of the suers’, (1) the person they sued had to submit three additional petitions and (2) bear unjustified expenses. Also, (3) they extended the duration of the trial without a cause, and (4) wasted the time of both the person they sued and the Court.
During the interview, the person who is sued told Chief Koivunen that he had used methamphetamine in the previous week, but that he had been "awake for more than a week". He also added that he used methamphetamine "all day" on May 6. (Official Evidence)
Mrs. Carroll’s husband, Mr. Dodson, who was a veteran, passed away due to an injury or disease related to his service. However, she did not apply for Dependency and Indemnity Compensation (“DIC”), a benefit provided to surviving spouses of veterans who die from service-related causes, within two years of his passing.
Wendy’s thought that asking for a jury trial meant giving up the right to waive a jury trial as stated in the contract. However, the opinion lacks a clear explanation. Moreover, this opinion also does not directly address the question of whether the jury request complies with the content regulated in Rule 38(d).
The chapter 13 debtor, Gary D. Barbee (“Debtor”) filed an adversary action against U.S. Bank National Association. He did it as a receiver for the Truman FHA Trust 2008-1. Also, through its mortgage servicing agent BAC Home Loan Servicing (“Bank”), he tried to avoid the Bank’s interest in the house that he built under 11 U.S.C.
The bankruptcy court decided in favor of NBI and banned White to re-litigate the commitment of fraud on November 9, 2011 and entered judgment in favor or NBI and against White in the amount of $378,486.17.
However, the DOC accepts that it is unfamiliar with the billing practices of most Minnesota shops. He admits that he reached this conclusion primarily based on representations from Reid, Rosar, Schmultz, and a few others affiliated with Minnesota’s auto-glass industry.
Accordingly, to receive a time extension, Ms. Cheeo must have exercised due diligence between the following dates: July 6, 2011 — the date of the Board decision — and October 6, 2011 — the date on which the Board decision was resent to her at her new address.
Over the course of almost one year, [the Plaintiff] received $108,500.00, possibly from the $424,233.00, which is unaccounted for. However, it is unclear whether the $108,500.00 came from one of the Trust Enterprise accounts, Defendant Birch’s IOLTA account, or an unknown account.”
The District Court found that the plaintiffs failed to allege a single specific instance in which a named Plaintiff worked overtime and was not compensated for this time. Accordingly, the Court held that the plaintiffs' overtime claim was factually inadequate.
After reviewing the relevant Ohio and federal statutes, he found that “abuse” is defined as “the willful application of injury, unreasonable capture, fear or punishment with resulting physical harm, pain or mental pain.”
In the example, claimants provide factual allegations that MacIntyre was not paid for a total of 76 hours of overtime between 2012 and 2014. Also, Sullivan was not paid overtime-for a total of 48 hours in 2013 and 2014.
The Government says that Mr. Haddad does not have reason to sue for the ’844 patent. Mr. Haddad transferred all important rights in the ’844 patent to only vital person Astornet, Gov’t Mot.
The First Circuit has held that “repay claims are kept so long as the payback is reasonably related to and grows out of the separation said by the agency.” Clockedile v. N.H. Dep’t of Corr., 245 F.3d 1, 6 (1st Cir.2001).
In order to survive a motion to reject regarding to Rule 12(b)(6) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, a defendant must plead enough factual reasons “to state a claim to explain that is possible on its face.” Twombly, 550 U.S. at 570, 127 S.Ct.
To win on such a claim, the complainant must establish that: (1) he is a member of a protected class; (2) was subjected to unwelcome sexual harassment; (3) the harassment was based on sex; (4) the harassment created a hostile work environment; and that (5) the employer is indirectly responsable.
While several circuits have held that merely placing child pornography in a shared folder on a file sharing network warrants application of a distribution enhancement, no circuit has relied on the Sentencing Guidelines definition of “distribution” to explain the meaning of the term in § 2252(a)(2).
Therefore, “if a restriction or condition is not reasonably related to a legal goal — if it is arbitrary or purposeless a court justly may infer that the purpose of the governmental action is punishment that may not inseparably be inflicted upon prisoners.”
Lastly, he claim that on August 20, 2014, he learned the “forms never reach[ed] [the New] Orleans[] [RO]” and “the counselor [] was upset that [he] continue® to call asking about these form[s] and want[ed] to know who [] [he] had been talking to,” and refused to filed a notice of reconsideration.
A jury is not required to accept an expert’s opinion, and accused’ experts present different opinions, but a jury could reasonably find, on the basis of complainant’ experts’ opinions, that it is more likely than not that one of defendants’ PIFs was contaminated and caused E.B.’s illness,
Regarding past performance, the solicitation notified offerors that the government would evaluate their performance history, particularly major or critical aspects of the requirement, to assess the likelihood of successfully fulfilling the solicitation requirements.
In diversity cases, a federal court can exercise personal jurisdiction over a non-resident defendant if two conditions are met. First, the court must have jurisdiction under the state's long-arm statute. Second, the exercise of jurisdiction must comply with constitutional due process. This principle was established in the case Nichols v. G.D. Searle & Co., 991 F.2d 1195, 1199 (4th Cir. 1993).
A decision is deemed "final and appealable" when it meets two criteria. First, it must substantially impact and affect substantive rights. Second, it must conclusively determine the specific issue it addresses. This principle was articulated in Dye v. Brown (In re AFI Holding, Inc.), 530 F.3d 832, 836 (9th Cir. 2008), citing Schulman v. California (In re Lazar), 237 F.3d 967, 985 (9th Cir. 2001).
Upon entering the Minnesota Department of Corrections ("MDOC") system, Brooks underwent a chemical-dependency assessment, as mandated by Minnesota law for all new inmates. It was determined that Brooks must complete treatment in order to be transferred to a lower-security prison, become eligible for work release, and prevent disciplinary penalties.
There are two conditions under which the need for expedited processing is justified. Firstly, if not obtaining expedited processing would create an immediate threat to the life or physical safety of an individual. Secondly, if the requester is primarily involved in disseminating information and can demonstrate an urgency to inform the public about actual or alleged activities of the Federal Government. This is governed by 5 U.S.C. (United States Code).
