reh'g denied (February 10, 2016) (“where a federal law provides for damages, suers who do not allege actual damages may also satisfy both the actual damages and the compensability requirements of Article III by suing for statutory damages” (emphasis added)).
§ 287.7(d) is titled “Temporary detention upon request of the Department.” § 287.7(a) appears to generally define the detainer as a “claim.” It is difficult to understand that the word “shall” is used in the timing section in a way that changes the nature of the entire arrangement.
18, 2014 ('Record Date'), pursuant to the Plan, fund units were held on the Record Date. He is entitled to an initial distribution of $0.155570 USD per unit. (A44, ¶ 16; A571)
“An act dangerous to human life…an act deliberately reckless and immoral, with complete disregard for human life and social duty, and tending to cause deliberate mischief” is sufficient to prove “maliciousness.” State v. Davis, 197 N.C.App.
There is no such unfair prejudice in this case because the State of South Dakota filed suit in state court voluntarily, at a time of its own choosing, with carefully selected defendants. Moreover, FAG Bearings can be separable.
"The change in wording is intended to demonstrate that administrative law judges are not in the business of accusing the character of suers. Clearly, judges will evaluate the credibility of applicants' stinging allegations. This is especially true since such allegations often cannot be relied upon or declined on the basis of medical evidence." Cole v. Colvin, 831 F.3d 411, 412 (7th Cir.
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(f) allows courts to “enter suit pleading insufficient pleadings or any unnecessary, trivial, obscene, or scandalous matter.” The aim of the respondents' strike request is not defense. Instead, it is the content of the respondents’ responsive resolution and sworn testimony.
Due to this, courts apply “strict examination if the contested classification jeopardizes the exercise of a fundamental right or classifies individuals according to a questionable characteristic such as foreignness, look at; Banner v. United States, 428 F.3d 303, 307 (D.C.Cir.2005); Hunt v. Cromartie, 526 U.S. 541, 546, 119 S.Ct.
The suer talked about certain circumstances almost every month between January 2009 and December 2009 and the reason for her treatment. Among these; breathlessness and body pain; rapid heartbeat; feeling like dying; and a continuous cough and spit.
38, 45-46 (6th Cir.2007) states: “[T]he Plan’s overpayment provision alleges a right to recover from a specific fund distinct from [the employee’s] assets — the fund being the overpayments themselves — and a particular share of that fund to which the plan was entitled. This includes all overpayments due to the receipt of Social Security benefits, but not to exceed the amount of benefits paid.”
In order to obtain discovery regarding the issue of a court's power over a person, at a minimum, the plaintiff must establish a false or at first sight showing of a court's power over a person.
Plaintiffs argue that Defendants knew, or should have known, that the risk of at the beginning of diabetes mellitus or hyperglycemia associated with Risperdal is significantly higher than with older, cheaper, and equally effective “typical” antipsychotic drugs.
In addition, Palermo asserts that his manager, Brittany Williams (Williams), who is a black female, and another one of his direct supervisors, Terry Green (Green) were aware of his EEO Complaints, the 2004 Case, and the 2008 Case.
Arch took no action on eight of those claims (Chart, Claims 13-20), and issued a letter that rejecting an employee's request for the ninth claim (Chart, Claim 21) on March 1, 2010 by re-asserting its position noted before and further asserting that an intervening Endorsement No.
Because, apparently, no act of respect goes unpunished, the Federal Circuit then discharged this Court’s grant of summary judgment to Amphastar and held, in November, 2015, 'that the safe harbor provision did not apply to' its infringing activities.
When deciding if Capital-Source maintained a security interest in the cash proceeds, the court recognized that according to § 9-332, "CapitalSource no longer had a security interest in the funds once Debtor [Delco Oil] transferred them to Marathon."
The probation office submitted a petition to revoke the Defendant's supervised release. The petition claims that the Defendant engaged in unauthorized association with a convicted felon (a female) and was discharged from the RRC due to making threatening statements to a staff member.
The courts analysis in this Ruling has not been on the first step of the above inquiry .Being whether the state statutes have or authorize a state state violation . Freedom Holdings IV -LRB- the marks and citation added -RRB- .Freedom Holdings IV were 624 F. 3d .
After carefully reviewing the motions, responses, replies, supporting evidence, arguments from both sides, and the relevant law, the court has decided to grant the summary judgment motion. As a result, all of the Plaintiffs' claims will be dismissed, and any other pending motions will also be dismissed. The court will provide detailed reasons for its decision.
The court currently has under consideration the "Motion to Dismiss Plaintiffs Second Amended Complaint" filed by defendants Gene Byron Schenberg, Richard F. Huck, III, Michael J. McKitrick, Danna McKitrick, P.C., NetSecure Technologies, Ltd., and Daniel McCann. The motion is made pursuant to Rule 12(b)(6).
In its papers in opposition to BDP’s request for the decision, Deltech identifies the Stolt/BDP contract in which "BDP is contracted to perform freight-forwarding obligations for Stolt" as the operative one. Followingly, Deltech determines the violation as a failure to properly prepare the bill of lading. And, Deltech claims its position as a third-party beneficiary.
Unclean hands “is a self-imposed rule that closes the doors of a court to the one stained with injustice or bad faith relating to the matter in which the one wants the court to decide that he is not guilty. And, unclean hands rule originates from “the honest maxim that ‘he who comes into equity must come with clean hands.’ ” Precision Instrument Mfg.
First, the Claimant argued that the Defendant “has already been provided with sufficient information in order to initiate negotiations on the facts, injuries and policy limits” and advised that she was “willing to accept the policy limits to resolve the claim...” in the Civil Remedy Notice filed with the State of Florida. [DE 1-2 at 16]s
Claimant Laura J. Ramos argued that her employer, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (“FBI”), discriminated against her based on her race (Count I), subjected her to a negative work environment (Count II), and punished her after she filed an administrative complaint (Count III).
For the reasons stated above, the Court REVOKES its decision dated May 31, 2013, and REJECTS Mrs. Tagupa’s request to submit additional evidence, REVERSES the Board’s decision dated August 2, 2011, and SENDS the matter to the lower ranked court for VA to seek confirmation of service from the Department of the Army.
Approximately one week later, the FTC and opponent filed a settlement agreement in which opponent agreed to, among other things, not assess or collect “any Fee for a Failure to Pay-Related Service unless it is a reasonable Fee charged ... for a Failure to Pay -Related Service that is actually performed.” (Doc.
The date of admission to a non-VA hospital where a veteran was maintained at VA expense will be accepted as the date of receipt of a claim, if VA maintenance was previously authorized; but if VA maintenance was authorized subsequent to admission, the date VA received notice of admission will be accepted.
Ms. Haynes later submitted a request to the Regional Office to reopen her claim on the presentation of new documentation showing a decision by the Army Board of Correction of Military Records (“ABCMR”) to grant Ms. Haynes an annuity as a “ex-husband/wife’’ under the Uniformed Services Former Spouse Protection Act
Five months after Mayor Graf was elected, he published a “From Your Mayor” opinion piece in the Farmingdale Observer, which stated, in part: “We have defined an area of the Village for possible redevelopment and have ... give immediate attention to this plan.’ Much of the property [near] Secatogue Avenue ... is within the run-down neighborhood.”
The small case court had federal question authority over the § 1983 claim and supplemental jurisdiction over the state-law gross negligence claim, and "a federal court exercising supplemental authority over state law claims is bound to apply the law of the state where a legal case is filed to the same extent as if it were exercising its the power to hear lawsuits that do not involve a federal question Bass v. First Pac
Those guidelines, the 2005 Flow Plan explicitly provides, are set forth in “SunTrust Mortgage guidelines that are currently being used and have been mutually agreed upon.” The partial integration doctrine be valid in situations where, wholly unlike this one, the written instrument does not cover a material issue and consequently fails to create a “complete legal obligation.”
On appeal to this Court, the claimant argued that she satisfied the criteria for non-service-connected burial benefits because (1) the phrase “in receipt of compensation” in section 2302(a)(1) should be interpreted to include those veterans who were entitled to receive compensation at death, and (2) Mr. Wingard was entitled to receive compensation at the time of his death because 38 U.S.C.
In order to establish a arguable claim for discrimination under § 1981, the claimant must show that (1) it is a member of a protected class; (2) it try to make  a contract with the accused; (3) it met the defendant’s ordinary requirements to enter into a contract with it; (4) it was denied the opportunity to enter into a contract with the accused that was otherwise provided to companies owned by whites.
Courts may issue an order only if three conditions are satisfied: 1) the requester must demonstrate that he lacks adequate alternative means to attain the desired relief, thus ensuring that the writ is not used as a substitute for the appeals process, 2) the requester must demonstrate a clear and indisputable right to the court order, and 3) the court must be convinced, given the circumstances, that the giving a order from a court is necessary.
In determining when an action is started by the Secretary of Labor under this subsection for the purposes of the limitation period provided in section 255(a) of this title, it shall be considered to be started in the case of any individual claimant on the date when the complaint is filed if he is specifically named as a party plaintiff in the complaint, or if his name did not so appear, on the subsequent date on which his name is added as a party plaintiff in such action.
While a federal court may exercise additional jurisdiction over state law claims “that are so related to claims in the action within [the Court’s] original jurisdiction that they form a part of the same case or controversy under Article III of the United States Constitution,” a court may reject to exercise such jurisdiction where it “has dismissed all claims over which it has original jurisdiction.” Indeed, unless “consideration of judicial economy, convenience and fairness to litigants” weigh in favor of the exercise of supplemental jurisdiction, “a federal court should hesitate to exercise jurisdiction over state claims.” Because Plaintiffs complaint fails to state a viable federal claim, and because this case is at the beginning stages of litigation, the Court rejects to exercise additional jurisdiction over Plaintiffs state law claims at this time.
While there is no evidence in the Thurman opinion that the plaintiff clearly refuted the application of the limitations provision on the basis of the change in corporate entity, this Court finds the Sixth Circuit’s application of the Chrysler Corporation provision instructive; in the absence of evidence or legal authority to the contrary, the agreement with Pinnacle precludes a finding of a legitimate expectation of just cause employment.
In this matter, Dr. Pence offers four opinions: (1) BSC did not conduct adequate testing of the Pinnacle product prior to placing them on the market; (2) the Pinnacle product was inadequately labeled; (3) patients could not adequately consent to the surgical implantation of the Pinnacle due to the misbranding of these products; and (4) BSC failed to meet the post-market precaution standard of care for their products, leading to further mis-branding.
However, even if the Plaintiff does so and makes out a at first sight response because “there is evidence that the adverse employment action was motivated in part by freedom of speech, the government can prevent liability if it can show that it would have taken the same adverse action in the absence of the freedom of speech.” Heil v. Santoro, 147 F.3d 103, 109 (2d Cir.1998).
Moreover, any such deduction is belied by Commerce’s reference to its final determination in Galvanized Steel and Wire From the People's Republic of China, which describes Commerce's balancing practice for the AD cash deposit rate as premised only on the concept that domestic subsidies had a symmetrical effect upon export and local prices.
FAG Bearings can appropriately be distinguished because the State of South Dakota filed suit on its own accord in state court in this case, at a time of its own choosing, with its hand-picked defendants, without any unfair present prejudice.
The Government has called two alleged “cooperating witnesses” at trial, ie, proclaimed collaborators of the respondents who have admitted their guilt and who are “cooperating” with the Government by testifying at trial, in hopes of receiving a sentence reduction.
A farmout agreement is "[a] very common form of agreement between operators, whereby a rental owner not desiring to drill at the time agrees to transfer the rental contract or part of it (jointly or individually) to another operator with a desire to drill the tract.”
To the extent Mr. Washington argues that the Veterans Court should have decided the gunshot wound claim in his favor without requiring a committal to custody, he raises factual issues of sufficiency of the evidence concerning his duty status at the time he was shot, and issues of his credibility.
The Fourth Circuit reasoned that Geriatric Release does not provide young people with the opportunity to be released “based on demonstrated maturity and rehabilitation,” as Graham required, because the Parole Board has the authority to deny release “for any reason whatsoever.”
Before this court, Mr. Smith characterizes the Plan as a settlement agreement and argues that the Veterans Court failed to “enforce” the settlement agreement. Mr. Smith requests to send his case to the Veterans Court with instructions that it “enforce” the settlement agreement approved by this court in NOVA.
In this case, where the claimant has not produced time-sheets and the respondent has failed to respond, the Court will accept Martinez’s declaration of hours she worked and wages she received, except where the statement seeks a remedy beyond that sought in the complaint.
As a result, the development of the Plan required a process of shifting and re-shifting parts of the County from one district to another, reviewing the result, and trying again.
The dilemma of alternative definitions for assault on a female is further highlighted in the more recent cases arising out of the North Carolina courts relating to appeals, which seem to recognize proof of either force or violence, particularly in cases where a battery based on force alone, even if only slight, provides the basis for the “assault” element of the crime.
The Wisconsin Supreme Court concluded that chapter 980 did not require termination of Gilbert’s commitment petition because the chapter does not contain language allowing for it in his circumstances, does not set a time period for execution of a custody order, and provides that an individual may be simultaneously committed under chapter 980 and incarcerated at a DOC facility.
