Plaintiff notes in his letter that Defendant Tuschy’s letter advises him that he has 180 days to appeal, and Plaintiff states that he has no more documents to submit and he “do[es] not see how another 180 days will make any different [sic].” (Id.)
If Plaintiffs’ due process claims are that McQueen’s fabrication of evidence caused their arrests, then Plaintiffs fail to state a claim, for it would be “nothing more than a recast of [their] Fourth Amendment false arrest claim.” McCann v. Mangialardi, 337 F.3d 782, 786 (7th Cir.2003).
The documentation for this advisory states that Plaintiff “became loud and argumentative” when approached by management about the incident, and that her manner “was insolent at best, and bordered on insubordination,” and Plaintiff was cautioned that “[b]ehavior of this type ... cannot be tolerated.” (Defendants’ Motion, Ex.
The October 2006 evaluation of Giwa reflects these multiple disciplinary actions: Landes rated him “Below Standards” in Knowledge, Quality of Work, Conformance to Proeedures/Regulations; his overall rating was also lowered to “Below Standards”.
The ADA was passed to promote “maximum reliance on competitive market forces” in order to “further efficiency, innovation, and low prices as well as variety and quality of air transportation services.” Morales v. Trans World Airlines, Inc., 504 U.S. 374, 378, 112 S.Ct.
Therefore, " "by operation of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, [plaintiff] also should have been on notice that the ... motion could be considered by the court to be a summary judgment motion.” ” Talbot v. U.S. Foodservice, Inc., 191 F.Supp.2d 637, 639 n. 3 (D.Md.2002) (quoting Laughlin v. Metro.
Plaintiff argues that he has plausibly pled a stigma-plus due process claim on the basis of Tyler’s allegedly defaming email, his removal from the Board’s property by a staff member in the presence of state troopers, the engagement by the Board of auditors, and Tyler’s recommendation to the Board to eliminate the Plaintiffs position to create two new positions.
Rather, the nonmoving party must “set forth specific facts that would be admissible in evidence in the event of trial from which a rational trier of fact could find for the nonmovant.” To accomplish this, the facts “must be identified by reference to an affidavit, a deposition transcript, or a specific exhibit incorporated therein.” Rule 56(c)(4) provides that opposing affidavits must be made on personal knowledge and shall set forth such facts as would be admissible in evidence.
Finally, the government notes that it already attempted to elicit a complaint in the Ergodyne case by opposing a request for an additional six month extension for the filing of a complaint, and suggests that taking such a step was effectively the same as filing a Rule 13(h) motion.
Where arguments are not made by the parties, courts have been cautioned that it is not their obligation to research and construct the legal arguments available to parties, Gross v. Town of Cicero, Ill, 619 F.3d 697, 704 (N.D.Ill.2011); United States, v. McLee, 436 F.3d 751, 760 (7th Cir.2006), and that they are not to go beyond the briefs and effectively assume the role of counsel.
The agent has undertaken a legal obligation (1) to know the provisions and conditions of the principal agreement concerning the escrowed property, and (2) to exercise reasonable skill and ordinary diligence in holding and delivering possession of the es-crowed property (i.e., to disburse the escrowed funds) in strict accordance with the principal’s agreement.
“Section [217] ... allows the Secretary through the Courts to seek broad injunctive relief as well as back wages for all affected employees without any requirement that they be specifically named in the complaint.” Donovan, 643 F.2d at 1204.
They contend that they relied on the current allegations in forming their discovery efforts, that they will be required to engage in additional discovery, including subpoenaing individual Canadian nonparties in conformance with international law, and that the new allegations greatly expand the nature of the malpractice claim to include a “never-filed phantom case.” Defs.’ Opp’n to Mot.
However, while these areas of expertise may shed light on the general context and make-up of the relevant community, they are not relevant to the base question of whether these statistical comparisons indicate any actual remaining ramifications of past discrimination by the Cleveland Fire Department, or whether there is any continuing discrimination being practiced by the Cleveland Fire Department.
And again accepting at face value Johnson’s 2011 recollections that he considered Newman’s grades and his acceptance into the Lincoln’s Challenge program as counterindicators to the nota tions in the records of mental retardation and other profound mental challenges, those counterindicators were not nearly strong enough to excuse further investigation of the red flags, which was not done in any meaningful way.
Therefore, since there is no evidence that the Plaintiff has served a notice of claim nor is there an allegation of proper service of a notice of claim in her complaint, the Plaintiffs state law cause of action for violations of the New York State Whistleblower law is dismissed.
Neither the federal rules nor the local rules explicitly prohibit plaintiffs’ provision of a newly discovered fact after the end of briefing and the fact that Dr. Jason’s article was accepted by Pediatrics has relevance because it bolsters the reliability of her opinions.
The burden lies with Bloom to obtain evidence to prove her disability at the time of the administrator’s review, see Glazer v. Reliance Standard Life Insurance, 524 F.3d 1241, 1247 (11th Cir.2008), and these records are not necessary to support her claims for procedural misconduct.
It appears, from a review of the state-court docket, that the state court appointed Calene Hernandez as Thompson’s legal guardian prior to the removal of the action to this Court and granted the ex parte injunction, thereby freezing the relevant financial accounts.
Even assuming arguendo that plaintiffs are correct and that the reference to transfers in § 2.5 has no application to § 19.11(f) benefits, there is no language in § 2.5 which would preclude the interpretation of § 19.11(f) adopted by the Committee.
Remarking that the Fourth Amendment value had already been served by the suppression of evidence in the criminal case, the Second Circuit opined that the unreasonable search and seizure was not the proximate cause of the plaintiffs conviction and incarceration and “the injury he pleads (a violation of his Fourth Amendment right to be free from unreasonable searches and seizures) does not fit the damages he seeks (compensation for his conviction and incarceration).” Id.
Player therefor acknowledges his awareness that if he ... is guilty of any ... form of conduct reasonable judged by the League Commissioner to be detrimental to the League or professional football, the Commissioner will have the right, ... to suspend Player for a period certain or indefinitely.
FECA is unlike tax law, where “[ijnnocent ‘avoidance’ is an established part of’ “a unique scheme consisting of myriad categories and thresholds, applied in yearly segments, designed to generate appropriate levels of taxation while also influencing behavior in various ways.” Ratzlaf, 510 U.S. at 156 n. 8, 114 S.Ct.
(5) The [MPEA] shall designate areas, in its discretion, where exhibitors may unload and load exhibitor materials from privately owned vehicles at [MPEA] premises with the use of non-motorized hand trucks and dollies.
2637, 125 L.Ed.2d 257 (1993) (explaining that courts must afford a governmental economic decision a “strong presumption of validity” and uphold such a decision “ ‘if there is any reasonably conceivable state of facts that could provide a rational basis for the classification’ ” (citation omitted)).
§ 1338(a) (“Section 13381(a)).” Like other statutes creating federal jurisdiction, Section 1338(a) jurisdiction covers “only those cases in which a well-pleaded complaint establishes either that federal law creates the cause of action or that the plaintiffs right to relief necessarily depends on resolution of a substantial question of federal law.” Christianson v. Colt, 486 U.S. 800, 809, 108 S.Ct.
However, this contention is supported by no case law, and is in contradiction to the determination of other courts, including the Sixth Circuit, which has held that the plaintiff is not required to amend his or her complaint to include a newly ripe second claim when the first has already been filed.
In determining plaintiffs RFC, the ALJ considered, inter alia, plaintiffs treatment notes, which reflected impairments of hypertension, diabetes, interstitial lung changes, bilateral hilar and mediastinal adenopathy (lymph node enlargement), bronchitis, heel spurs, fatigue, mild disc desiccation (degeneration and fluid loss), minimal spondylosis (degenerative osteoarthritis of the joints between the centra of the spinal vertebrae and/or neural foramina), mild disc bulge at L2-3, milt ligamentous thickening at L3-4 and L4-5, and annular tears, slight degenerative spurring and/or disc protrusion and degenerative changes at several spinal levels, mild to moderate left carpal tunnel syndrome and an affective disorder, variously diagnosed as depression or an adjustment disorder with mild depressed mood.
Dr. Reschly noted that the task force of Division 33 of the American Psychological Association does “take into account the Flynn Effect through either adjusting the population mean or though subtracting points from IQ scores obtained with tests whose norms are out of date.” (Evid.
On October 9, 2008, law enforcement officials arrested Michael Waters, IAP’s supervisor of the heating and cooling plant and an individual who reported directly to Plaintiff, for solicitation and acceptance of a “kickback” while employed on-post with IAP.
Although the Complaint makes repeated references to Defendant “acknowledging” Plaintiffs security interest, these allegations are a far cry from the “authenticate^] ... record acknowledging that [Defendant] holds possession of the collateral for the secured party’s benefit” required by the UCC.
“Under New Jersey law, a claim for negligent misrepresentation requires a plaintiff to establish that defendant made an incorrect statement, upon which he or she justifiably relied, causing economic loss.” Henderson v. Volvo Cars of N. Am.
Defendants Secatogue Realty, LLC, John Tosini, and Michelle Tosini have separately moved for summary judgment seeking the dismissal of Plaintiffs’ claims asserted against them for violations of the FHA, New York Executive Law § 296(6), and New York Real Property Law § 235-b.
In evaluating the reasonableness of the force used, the Court may consider: 1) the severity of the crime at issue, 2) whether the suspect poses an immediate threat to the safety of the officers or others and 3) whether the suspect is actively resisting arrest or attempting to evade arrest by flight.
Louisiana courts often employ a plain meaning method of statutory interpretation based on Civil Code article 9, which states that “[w]hen a law is clear and unambiguous and its application does not lead to absurd consequences, the law shall be applied as written and no further interpretation may be made in search of the intent of the legislature.” This article is entitled “Clear and unambiguous law” and should be contrasted with the following article, “Language susceptible of different meanings” which provides that “[w]hen the language of the law is susceptible of different meanings, it must be interpreted as having the meaning that best conforms to the purpose of the law.”
A one-year statute of limitations applies to claims which are based upon (1) a state agency’s claim of exemption from the PRA’s disclosure requirements; or (2) an agency’s “last production of a record on a partial or installment basis.” RCW 42.56.550(6).
Therefore, like the breach of ERISA fiduciary duty claim, the motion to dismiss the claim for breach of co-fiduciary duty (count 8) is granted only as to Meridian Diversified Fund, L.P. and Meridian Diversified Fund, LLC.
If the hospitals had wanted to have their short-disability payments treated as a wage-related expense, and hence excluded from the index, then they should have either purchased short-term disability insurance from a carrier or established a bona-fide self-insurance plan.
An issue is “genuine” when the evidence is such that a reasonable fact-finder could resolve the point in favor of the non-moving party, and a fact is “material” when it might affect the outcome of the suit under the applicable law.
In this case, the pre-trial activity required to prosecute Plaintiffs case included: (a) filing the complaint; (b) engaging in a period of discovery; (c) filing a response brief to Defendant’s motion to dismiss, (d) filing a response brief to Defendant’s summary judgment motion, and (3) filing an appellant brief and reply when appealing the order of Judge Feikens granting Defendant’s summary judgment motion.
Affinion asserts that the bank customers all sign an enrollment form at the time they open their account at the bank, they authorize Affinion to access that account information for billing purposes, and therefore have authorized the bank to provide Affinion with the necessary information for it to bill the customers directly (i.e., names, addresses, and account numbers).
To prevail under Title VII, a plaintiff must show that he or she: (1) engaged in protected activity; (2) was discharged subsequent to or contemporaneously with such activity; and that (3) there is a causal link between the protected activity and the discharge.
of Calumet Park, 554 F.3d 1106, 1114 (7th Cir.2009)) (citation omitted); see also Stephens v. Erickson, 569 F.3d 779, 787 (7th Cir.2009) (stating that “[a] plaintiff may also prevail by constructing a convincing mosaic of circumstantial evidence that allows a jury to infer intentional discrimination by the decisionmaker”) (internal quotations omitted).
Regions seeks dismissal of Page’s action on two distinct grounds, lack of subject-matter jurisdiction under Rule 12(b)(1), Fed.R.Civ.P., and failure to state a claim under Rule 12(b)(6), Fed.R.Civ.P.
In these related cases, over 100 hospitals and medical centers participating in the Medicare and Medicaid program (collectively, “plaintiffs”) filed suit against Kathleen Sebelius in her official capacity as Secretary of the United States Department of Health and Human Services.
§ 502, Defendants, their directors, officers, agents, servants, employees, and attorneys, and all persons in active concert or participation with them, are hereby enjoined and restrained permanently from infringing the copyright in the Photographs, or any other of Plaintiffs works, in any manner, and from reproducing, adapting, displaying, publishing, advertising, promoting, selling, offering for sale, marketing, distributing, or otherwise disposing of the Photographs or any copies of the Photographs, or any other of Plaintiffs works, and from participating or assisting in or authorizing such conduct in any way.
However, prior findings are merely “probabilistic determinations based upon a limited set of data points — the evidence,” Rimkus II, 750 F.Supp.2d at 172, and thus not “not subject to reasonable dispute” — a necessary requisite under the Federal Rules of Evidence.
The classic example [of restitution] is when the defendant has wrongfully obtained or withheld the plaintiffs money or property, and a constructive trust or equitable lien is imposed to ensure that the defendant disgorges his ill-gotten gain and the plaintiff receives that to which he is entitled.
First, USDOT’s decision was based on consideration of the relevant factors, i.e., the required elements of the social disadvantage test in Appendix E. In addition, US-DOT appears to have examined the relevant data and articulated a satisfactory explanation for its action.
Even after Twombly, the federal notice-pleading standard requires that a plaintiff provide “only ‘enough detail [in her complaint] to give the defendant fair notice of what the claim is and the grounds upon which it rests, and, through [her] allegations, show that it is plausible, rather than merely speculative, that [s]he is entitled to relief.’ ” Reger, 592 F.3d at 764 (quoting Tamayo v. Blagojevich, 526 F.3d 1074, 1083 (7th Cir.2008)).
Although the IEMA has been subject to very little interpretation, ah least one court in this district has observed that “the Congressional policy [of the CAN-SPAM Act] does not differ, much, if at all, from Illinois law, which permits providers to block receipt or transmission of unsolicited advertisements on their own initiative and states that providers shall not be held liable for such actions taken in good faith.” e360Insight, LLC v. Comcast Corp., 546 F.Supp.2d 605, 607 n. 1 (N.D.Ill.2008).
In 2006, Defendant Spike Cable Networks, Inc. premiered a sports-themed reality show called “Pros v. Joes.” Plaintiffs contend that “Pros v. Joes ” infringes on “Two Left Feet.” Defendants disagree.
Instead, plaintiffs contend that the fiduciary nature of the relationship arises from extra-contractual “advice” that Cicero offered Medscan “to help [it] navigate the regulatory landscape and properly negotiate any regulatory requirements for opening a PBT practice in New York.” Am.
§ 1395oo(a), a provider may challenge an NPR so long as the amount in controversy is at least $10,000 and it requests a hearing before the Provider Reimbursement Review Board (PRRB) within 180 days after receipt of the demand.
As McClatchey acknowledges, there is partial joint and several liability in this case because each downstream user (AOL, The Progress, Newsday) is jointly and severally liable with AP.... [Tjhis is [thus] a case in which “any two or more infringers are liable jointly and severally.” McClatchey’s proposed interpretation would render the word “any” superfluous, or alternatively, would rewrite the statute to impose a single award only where “all infringers are liable jointly and severally.” In sum, the Court concludes that the most plausible interpretation of the statute authorizes a single award when there is any joint and several liability, even if there is not complete joint and several liability amongst all potential infringers.
For the reasons set forth above, I respectfully recommend to Judge Seybert that: (1) a default judgment is warranted and should be entered against Defendants Almighty Cleaning, PMCB, and Patanjo as to the named Plaintiffs; (2) the Plaintiffs be awarded damages in the amount of $102,867.42 to Maribel Rodriguez, $150,195.07 to Gissella Rodriguez, $89,555.04 to Norma Reyes, and $14,557.25 to Maria Antunez; (3) Defendant Almighty Cleaning, Defendant PMCB, and Defendant Patanjo be held jointly and severally liable for these damages amounts; (4) Plaintiffs’ motion for conditional certification as an FLSA collective action be granted; (5) Defendants be ordered to produce promptly the names and last known addresses of potential class members; and (6) the Court authorize the posting and circulation of the proposed Notice of Pendency.
Co., 836 N.E.2d 243, 246-247 (Ind.2005) (“Terms are to be given their ordinary and generally accepted meaning.”); see also, e.g., Provident Life and Acc.
In addition, “[a] plaintiff asserting a private cause of action for violations of the ADA or the RA may only recover compensatory damages upon a showing of intentional discrimination.” Delano-Pyle v. Victoria County, 302 F.3d 567, 574 (5th Cir.2002).
Noting that “[e]ven highly skilled professionals err on occasion,” the Court found it “clear that it cannot violate the public policy of Michigan to contract to retain a nurse guilty of some acts of carelessness.” 183 F.3d at 504.
Similarly, in Housing Authority Risk Retention Group, Inc. v. Chicago Housing Authority, 378 F.3d 596 (7th Cir.2004) , the Seventh Circuit considered an class action complaint that alleged that the Chicago Housing Authority built a housing project on a site contaminated by toxic chemicals from nearby factories.
Errico moves for an order imposing sanctions against WWC, WHR and “WWH LLC” (presumably, Errico intends to refer to WHM LLC) for obstructing his access to Brandon Peterson and his attempts to serve the summons and complaint.
The repeated, unequivocal emphasis of both the language and the legislative history of Title VII is on eliminating discrimination in employment, and such discrimination is proscribed when it is directed against majorities as well as minorities.” Virts, 285 F.3d at 521 (quoting Hardison, 432 U.S. at 81, 97 S.Ct.
Assuming arguendo that the medical records offered by Wesolowski, which reflect treatment with painkillers, are the true and accurate ones, and that the version submitted by defendants was altered or appended as Wesolowski alleges, neither party’s description of the treatment options offered to Wesolowski provides evidence sufficient for a finder of fact to conclude that the dental treatment options offered to Wesolowski were inadequate, ineffective or inappropriate.
In announcing Morgan Stanley’s third quarter results on September 19, 2007, Defendant Sidwell alerted investors about Morgan Stanley’s subprime exposure very early in the earnings call, stating that "increased volatility, significant spread widening, lower levels of liquidity, and reduced price transparency at all parts of the capital structure” influenced "the effectiveness of hedging strategies, subprime mortgage markets including the CDO market, as well as other structured credit products.” (See Transcript of Q3 2007 Morgan Stanley Earnings Conference Call, Ex.
While the United Kingdom undeniably has an interest in this controversy, the United States also clearly has an interest when eleven of its corporations are sued for product liability and negligence claims arising out of the crash of a helicopter which, together with its component parts, was designed and manufactured here.
Under the first test, the key inquiry is whether the asserted right or interest, carefully described, is so “deeply rooted in this Nation’s history and tradition, and implicit in the concept of ordered liberty, such that neither liberty nor justice would exist if they were sacrificed.” If the asserted right or interest does not meet the aforementioned standard, the Court then asks whether the government action that caused the deprivation is rationally related to a legitimate governmental interest.
Similarly, correctional officers in AFSCME Local 889 v. Louisiana, 145 F.3d 280 (5th Cir.1998) were entitled to compensation when they had to take meals at the prison cafeteria and respond to any inmate disturbances.
The Declaratory Judgment Act provides that “[i]n a case of actual controversy within its jurisdiction ... any court of the United States, upon the filing of an appropriate pleading, may declare the rights and other legal relations of any interested party seeking such declaration ....” 28 U.S.C.
White”), a State agency psy ehological consultant, completed a Mental Residual Functional Capacity Assessment concluding that Andrews was moderately limited in her ability (1) to understand, remember, and carry out detailed instructions; (2) to maintain attention and concentration for extended periods; (3) to complete a normal workday and workweek without interruptions from psychologically based symptoms and to perform at a consistent pace without an unreasonable number and length of rest periods; and (4) to respond appropriately to changes in the work setting.
Although designed to combat tax shelters, § 7408’s broad language allows the IRS to enjoin any “violation of any requirement under regulations issued under section 330 of title 31, United States Code”—potentially applying to all of Circular 230, not simply the tax-shelter regulations.
All natural persons sued by Merrill Moores in the name of Wildcat Run Homeowner’s Association on a consumer debt who called the contact telephone number referenced on the Small Claims complaint and heard a voice mail message recorded by defendant Merrill Moores within one year prior to May 1, 2009.
(t) Verizon claims that during the parties’ mediation sessions, PAETEC suggested that a third unresolved issue exists: whether “deemed lawful” is a defense to the Court’s finding that PAETEC overcharged Verizon for SWAS-DC service prior to November 8, 2008, Verizon Mem.
When purchasing Post’s high-sugar cereals, plaintiffs read and relied on Post’s deceptive labeling claims suggesting that its cereals were healthy, and as a result, plaintiffs’ suffered monetary damages and “bodily injury in the form of increased risk of CHD, stroke, and other morbidity.” FAC ¶¶ 347, 355, 376, 384.
EAJA is of added importance in veterans’ cases, “where it ‘helps to ensure that [veterans] will seek an appeal when the [Department of Veterans Affairs] has failed in its duty to aid them or has otherwise erroneously denied them the benefits that they have earned.’ ” Wagner v. Shinseki, 733 F.3d 1343, 1344 (Fed.Cir.2013) (quoting Kelly v. Nicholson, 463 F.3d 1349, 1353 (Fed.Cir.2006) (alterations in Wagner)).
Imposing such a burden on the veteran solely to excuse the VA from fulfilling its obligations is particularly unjustified in light of this court’s repeated acknowledgement of the "claimant-friendly [nature] of this adjudicatory system” that has been "established for veterans’ benefits.” Sprinkle v. Shinseki, 733 F.3d 1180, 1189 (Fed.Cir.2013); Bonner v. Nicholson, 497 F.3d 1323, 1331 (Fed.Cir.
NPRC’s May 2009 stamped response noted that Mr. Ta-gupa “has no service as a member of the Philippines Commonwealth Army, including the recognized guerrillas, in the service of the United States Armed Forces.” Id.
Mr. Thornton contends that a supposed failure by the VA to consider a CD with copies of relevant records in support of his mandamus petition and an informal Notice of Disagreement from 1989 amounts to suppression of evidence that violates his due process rights.
“Puffery exists in two general forms: (1) exaggerated statements of bluster or boast upon which no reasonable consumer would rely; and (2) vague or highly subjective claims of product superiority, including bald assertions of superiority.” American Italian Pasta Co. v. New World Pasta Co., 371 F.3d 387, 390-91 (8th Cir.
Although he agrees the Amendment did not constitute the basis of his misunderstanding of the instructions of the form, he nonetheless cites to the notice about the Amendment to argue that VA Form 4597 is “obsolete/noncurrent/not up-to-date.” It is unreasonable for Mr.
Mr. Thomas further notes that he was told in February 2014 that the VA did not get his notice of appeal and that, a month later, he learned that two forms dated May 24, 2012, and September 20, 2012, were missing and the VA “wouldn’t do an inquirfy in]to what happened to them.” Id.
To determine whether Ms. Checo demonstrated the diligence necessary to permit equitable tolling the Court requires “ ‘reasonable diligence’ ” under the circumstances, not “ ‘maximum feasible diligence.’ ” Holland v. Florida, 560 U.S. 631, 653, 130 S.Ct.
Because the required notice was of the starting of the 90-day clock, it is not enough that Mr. Carter’s counsel participated in the remand negotiations and received the Veterans Court’s remand order — which did not give, and could not have given, notice of the starting date.
"In evaluating a federal habeas petition, a District Court must hold an evidentiary hearing ‘[u]nless the motion and the files and records of the case conclusively show that the prisoner is entitled to no relief.’ ” United States v. Kenley, 440 Fed.Appx.
The Plan required, inter alia, that the VA provide notice to every claimant who, in a hearing before the Board, received a final Board decision during the period specified (identified by relevant search terms) in which the claimant did not receive a full grant of relief.
As “symptomatology should be the fact-finder’s primary focus when deciding entitlement to a given disability rating,” the Board must go beyond the criteria in the schedule to determine what level of impairment to earning capacity results from an appellant’s unique symptoms.
On Mr. Dixon’s death in 2004, Mrs. Dixon filed a claim with the VA Regional Office requesting the payments that Mrs. Dixon states should have been paid to her from Mr. Dixon’s VA disability benefits, for 1996 through his death in 2004.
To treat the 2008 amendment as removing the prohibition on this court’s review of the rating schedule when reviewing a Veterans Court decision also would produce a distinctly odd result: that this court could “review,” on appeal from the Veterans Court, a Department action that the Veterans Court cannot review.
We may not, however, review “a challenge to a factual determination, or a challenge to a law or regulation as applied to the facts of a particular case” except “to the extent an appeal ... presents a constitutional issue.” Id.
Mr. Palmatier appeals the decision of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims (“Veterans Court”) finding that the issue of his entitlement to an extraschedular total rating from June 2002 to December 2009 was rendered moot by the decision of the Department of Veterans Affairs (“VA”) to grant an ex-traschedular total rating made during the pendency of his appeal.
See, e.g., Beasley v. Shinseki, 709 F.3d 1154, 1158 (Fed.Cir.2013); Lamb, 284 F.3d at 1381-82; Cox v. West, 149 F.3d 1360, 1365-66 (Fed.Cir.1998).
Mr. Harger also contends he did not submit additional evidence following the May 1971 RO decision, and claims the documentation he filed during the one-year period was merely “redundant” evidence that existed previously, and thus should have had “no effect” on the finality of the May 1971 rating decision.
However, courts have concluded that the interpretation, enforceability, and validity of litigation forum selection clauses present questions of litagability for the courts that is antecedent (and unrelated) to the merits of an action (and thus to any questions as to the existence of an.agreement to arbitrate arbitrability or the scope of that agreement).
Although not applicable at the time of the VA’s decision in March 1977, effective October 8, 1977, the VA added that those "discharge[d] under other than honorable conditions issued as a result of an absence without official leave (AWOL) for a continuous period of at least 180 days” are generally not eligible for benefits.
Cir.2009) mandates reversal because, after Mr. Newgard made a FOIA request for his file in 2007, he uncovered additional and unaltered documents that the RO had not included in the record of the original March 1971 rating decision.
A case becomes moot if “(1) it can be said with assurance that there is no reasonable expectation ... that the alleged violation will recur, and (2) interim relief or events have completely and irrevocably eradicated the effects of the alleged violation.” County of Los Angeles v. Davis, 440 U.S. 625, 631, 99 S.Ct.
It then examined Mr. Bauer’s Petition in light of these criteria and found that because his claim was still before the VA, which had issued the Supplemental Statement of the Case “as recently as January 2014,” Mr. Bauer failed to demonstrate he lacked “adequate alternative means to obtain the desired relief’ as required by the first element.
Rule 44.1(d) provides that “in the event any party or its lawyer has acted obstinately or frivolously, the court shall, in its judgment, impose on such person the payment of a sum for attorney’s fees which the court decides corresponds to such conduct.” P.R.
“In general, courts in this Circuit will not award attorney’s fees assessed at a flat-rate unless the supporting documentation is ^detailed enough to satisfy the Second Circuit’s requirement that attorneys’ fees must be based on contemporaneous time records specifying relevant dates, time spent and work done.” Onewest Bank, N.A.
Peréz-Cordero, 656 F.3d at 28 (“the victim’s sex is inextricably linked to the harasser’s decision to harass” where there is an attempt to establish a romantic relationship) (quoting Forrest v. Brinker Int’l Payroll Co., 511 F.3d 225, 229 (1st Cir.
Prior to TTCP’s investment in the project, Ralls had indicated that the poor performance resulted from an intentional effort to curb production because of USIRE’s/HRW’s breach of the loan agreement and a lack of incentive to attend to problems in a timely manner.
Under § 3.304(f)(3), the veteran’s lay testimony as to the existence of the stressor is adequate if three conditions are satisfied: (1) a VA psychiatrist or psychologist “confirms that the claimed stressor is adequate to support a diagnosis of post-traumatic stress disorder and that the veteran’s symptoms are related to the claimed stres-sor”; (2)'the VA psychiatrist or psychologist’s findings are not contradicted by “clear and convincing evidence”; and (3) “the claimed stressor is consistent with the places, types, and circumstances of the veteran’s service.” Id.
The letter advised Haddad that MCM was “considering forwarding this account to an attorney ... for possible litigation,” and asked that he call to discuss possible “discounts and affordable payment plans” and/or mail it $250 in order “to stop this process from continuing.” Doc.
The PLRA provides that “[n]o action shall be brought with respect to prison- conditions under section 1983 or any other Federal law, by a prisoner confined in any jail, prison, or other correctional facility until such administrative remedies as are available are exhausted.” 42- U.S.C, § 1997e(a); see Porter v. Nussle, 534 U.S. 516, 532, 122 S.Ct.
The statute defines extraordinary circumstances as those “in which ... (i) suspension of an investigation will be more beneficial to the domestic industry than continuation of the investigation, and (ii) the investigation is complex.” 19 U.S.C.
(a) Unless specifically provided otherwise in this chapter, the effective date of an award based on ... a claim reopened after final adjudication ... shall be fixed in accordance with the facts found, but shall not be earlier than the date of receipt of application therefore.
In January 2015, the Court granted the motion of Steve Berenson, Brian Clauss, Angela K. Drake, Kristine A. Huskey, James' C. May, Hugh McClean, Laurie Forbes Neff, Mathew Randle, Patricia E. Roberts, Susan Saidel, Stacey-Rae Simcox, Aniela Szymanski, Michael J. Wishnie, Connecticut Veterans Legal Cen ter, and the National Veterans Legal Services Program for leave to file an amici curiae brief in support of the appellant’s EAJA application.
That provision allows a survivor “who would be eligible to receive accrued benefits” due to a veteran under section 5121 to be substituted on the veteran’s claim if the veteran dies “while a claim for any benefit ... is pending.” 38 U.S.C.
3:08-CV-00118, 2008 WL 8225546, at *4 (D. Nev. July 15, 2008) (“Insofar as the few federal courts that have entertained such challenges [to ballot measures pre-election] are concerned, those courts have only done so where the proposed measures Were plainly 'unconstitutional.”); Ajax Gaming Ventrues, LLC v. Brown, No.
Ponte’s refusal to truthfully answer the questions he was asked has made it impossible for this Court to determine with any confidence the actual extent to which Ponte reviewed the privileged information and has complied with this Court’s order regarding return of the privilege information.
Section 187 “has been interpreted to grant courts the authority to amend a judgment to add addi tional judgment debtors.” Katzir’s Floor and Home Design, Inc. v. M-MLS.com (“Katzir’s Floor”).
With regard to the second option, the Court concludes that it does not have jurisdiction to specifically prohibit parties from appealing to the Federal Circuit within the 60 days that they are statutorily entitled to do so, without the parties’ express waiver of that right.
Upon consideration of the foregoing, the March 2014 Board decision denying a compensable rating under § 4.59 for painful motion of the right ring finger is AFFIRMED, the Board’s decision regarding an extrasche-dular evaluation is VACATED, and the vacated matter is REMANDED for further adjudication.
On September 16, 2014, George W. Morrow, through his counsel, Stephen B. Bennett, filed a motion to withdraw his March 6, 2014, application for attorney fees and expenses under the Equal Access to Justice Act (EAJA), 28 U.S.C.
In considering these arguments, we are mindful of the fact that Mr. Washington is proceeding pro se, which requires that the VA give “a sympathetic reading to the veteran’s filings by ‘determining all potential claims raised by the evidence, applying all relevant laws and regulations.’” Szemraj v. Principi, 357 F.3d 1370, 1373 (Fed.Cir.2004) (quoting Roberson v. Principi, 251 F.3d 1378 (Fed.Cir.2001)).
By filing this FLSA action to prevent the named Plaintiffs from bringing claims on behalf of others, Fannie Mae necessarily did so to prevent other putative opt-ins — such as the nine opt-ins here — from bringing their claims in the same suit.
, Defendant argues that “[w]ith respect to the .‘control means,’ [plaintiff] failed to present any evidence that the accused iPhones include a structure identical to the structure disclosed in the specification — a CPU and an álert sound generator on/off controller.” (D.I.
Upon consideration of the foregoing, the Board’s December 6, 2013, decision that Mr. Swain is not entitled to an effective date prior to June 12, 2013, is REVERSED, and this matter is REMANDED for the Board to assign a 10% disability rating effective November 10, 2009.
There is no support in the law for her suggestion that if the government’s position is based on a legal error, its position is per se unreasonable and cannot be “substantially justified.” In fact, the law is squarely to the contrary.
Based on the lay and medical evidence, the Board found that Mr. Petitti’s disability “has primarily been manifested by morning stiffness, pain and periodic swelling of his hands, feet, ankles, elbows, wrists, shoulders, and spine; fatigue; and flare-ups occurring as frequently as once a month to once every five or six months.” R, at 16.
(A) The claimant’s service medical records and, if the claimant has furnished the Secretary information sufficient to locate such records, other relevant records pertaining to the claimant’s active military, naval, or air service, that are held or maintained by a governmental entity
Because “alcohol rehabilitation failure,” and even alcohol dependence and acts resulting from alcohol dependence, cannot be characterized as being or resulting from willful misconduct in every case, and the Board made no findings pertinent to this particular case, the decision below must be vacated, and the case remanded.
(1) provide [Randolph] with all letters, directives, procedures, forms, and methods by which acts of discrimination asserted by veterans are addressed; (2) address any racially discriminatory acts that have adversely affected the outcome of any decision in his claims; (3) investigate his claims of constitutional ■violations and racial discrimination, to include acts of intentional delay, and destruction and removal of evidence; (4) certify and expedite his pending appeal to the Board of Veterans’ Appeals [ (“Board”) ]; and (5) process a claim for dental benefits.
See, e.g., Byrne, 171 F.3d at 1234-35 (“The evidence indicates that defendant used telecommunications devices in interstate commerce to communicate with a minor in New Mexico and that defendant traveled to New Mexico, where he engaged in sexual acts with the minor.”); Rounds, 749 F.3d at 335-36 (“Because the phone calls and text messages sent on or about March 17 to the minor who was in the Western District constitute acts , that were part of the completion of Count Two, the government sufficiently established venue.”); United States v. Lewis, 676 F.2d 508, 511 (11th Cir.
Because the 2009 statement reflects disagreement with the 2008 Board decision and was filed with the RO within the 120-day appeal period, the 2009 statement abated the finality of the June 2008 Board decision for purposes of appealing to this Court, and the abatement continues until the Board Chairman determines whether the February 2009 statement is a. motion for Board reconsideration of the June 2008 Board decision.
On May 2, 2006, Smith filed a claim for compensation with the Department of Veterans Affairs (“VA”) Regional Office (“RO”) in New Orleans, Louisiana, seeking entitlement to service connection for a left hip disability, a left knee disability, and tendonitis of the left ankle.
That being the case, it need not proceed to the second step of the preemption analysis and decide whether the restraint is a per se violation of the Sherman Act: because the price discrimination prohibition is a unilateral restraint, it is entirely outside the scope of the Sherman Act.
2004) (“When an agency ‘is evaluating scientific data within its technical expertise,’ an ‘extreme degree of deference to the agency’1 is warranted.”) (quoting B & J Oil & Gas v. FERC, 353 F.3d 71, 76 (D.C. Cir.
Ala. 2006) (“[T]hus, if the amended complaint could not survive Rule 12(b)(6) scrutiny, then the amendment is futile and leave to amend is properly denied.” (citing Burger King, 169 F.3d at 1320)).
Under RICO, it is “unlawful for any person employed by or associated with any enterprise engaged in, or the activities of which affect, interstate or foreign commerce, to conduct or participate, directly or indirectly, in the conduct of such enterprise’s affairs through a pattern of racketeering activity or collection of unlawful debt,” 18 U.S.C.
Momenta submits that because the “structural signature that bears a relationship to the non-naturally occurring sugar” is a 1.6-anhdyro ring structure, which is the structure that Amphastar identifies in the four compounds and compares to the 15-25% reference standard, it infringes on the claimed process.
These are, first, the tribunal’s interpretation of “procurement” as used in Article 1108 of NAFTA, and second, the tribunal’s deference to the government of Ontario’s decisionmaking discretion in implementing its renewable energy policy.
MTA, FTA, and FWS engaged in informal consultation, and concluded that the Purple Line Project would have no effect on either species, because neither species is known to occur in the project area, and their distance and separation from the project area render any adverse effects unlikely.
Based on the foregoing analysis, we find that Mr. Palomer fails to demonstrate that the delay in sending and receiving mail in the Philippines, his deteriorating physical condition, and the Board’s Notice of Appellate Rights, individually or together, warrant equitably tolling the 120-day period to file a motion for reconsideration in order to abate the finality of the Board decision for purposes of timely filing an NOA.
The 2012 rating decision that granted additional A & A back to June 23, 2009, considered the evidence and arguments that were in front of the Board in 2007, and determined that the effective date of June 23, 2009, corresponded to the date of “post traumatic right wrist derangement.” R,A.
To satisfy the “clearly established” requirement, a law may not be “defined ‘at a high level of generality,’ ” and the “clearly established law must be ‘particularized’ to the facts of the case.” White v. Pauly, — U.S. -, 137 S.Ct.
Under § 1151, a veteran with a qualifying disability is required to show fault on the part of the VA by establishing two elements: (1) the qualifying disability was caused by treatment or care by VA or in a VA facility; and (2) the proximate cause of the disability was “carelessness, negligence, lack of proper skill, error in judgment, or similar instance of fault on the part of the [VA], or ‘an event not reasonably foreseeable.’” Viegas v. Shinseki, 705 F.3d 1374, 1377 (Fed.Cir.2013); see also 38 U.S.C.
As Mrs. Carroll sees it, our discussion in Frederick does not apply to her because she never had any eligibility to lose: she was not “eligible for benefits” under § 101(e) either before or during its one-year filing window.
Based on the foregoing, the Court need not at this time address Mrs. Reliford’s arguments that the Secretary may not unilaterally further develop the deceased claimant’s claim after the claimant has died and an accrued-benefits beneficiary is substituted under section 5121A or that the Board’s statement of reasons and bases was inadequate.
The purpose of awarding pre-judgment interest is to “compensate for the loss of use of money due as damages from the time the claim accrues until judgment is entered, thereby achieving full compensation for the injury those damages are intended to redress.” West Virginia v. United States, 479 U.S. 305, 310 n.2, 107 S.Ct.
1807, 161 L.Ed.2d 669 (2005)); Checo v, Shinseki 748 F.3d 1373, 1378 (Fed.Cir.2014) (proponent of equitable tolling must show (1) an extraordinary circumstance, (2) due diligence, and (3) causation) (citing McCreary v. Nicholson, 19 Vet.App.
For example, the Board pointed to a September 2011 treatment record which stated that, although Scotto “alleged suffering anemia and leukemia, she had not shown the provider any documentary evidence of her alleged conditions” and she “refused a blood test.” RA 35.
§ 3.816(c)(2), which provides that the effective date for an award for disability compensation for a “covered herbicide disease,” such as CAD, “will be the later of the date such claim was received by VA or the date the disability arose.” The Board held that February 7, 1991, the date the VA received Mr. Johnson’s disability claim for Agent Orange exposure, was later than when his CAD arose in 1990 and therefore constituted the appropriate effective date under § 3.816(c)(2).
It “is [also] well established that ‘questions about the authenticity and correctness of the released records are beyond the scope of the Court’s FOIA jurisdiction.’ ” Hedrick, 216 F.Supp.3d at 95 (quoting Jackman v. Dep’t of Justice, No.
For the reasons set forth below, the Court DENIES defendants’ motion to dismiss for lack of standing, DENIES defendants’ Rule 12(b)(1) motion,' and GRANTS IN PART and DENIES IN PART defendants’ Rule 12(b)(6) motion.
77-1, May, 12, 2017 (“Remand Results”), filed by the U.S. Department of Commerce (“Commerce” or “Department”) pursuant to the court’s remand order in BMW of North America LLC v. United States, 41 CIT —, 208 F.Supp.3d 1388 (2017) (“BMW”).
The court’s written statement of reasons must be “a simple, fa,ct-specific statement explaining why the Guidelines range did not , account for a specific factor or factors under § 3553(a).” United States v. Rattoballi, 452 F.3d 127, 138 (2d Cir.
91-7 filled that gap as an interpretative rule of general applicability, and unlike a ruling limit ed to a particular import transaction it-was published in the Customs Bulletin and was issued with a degree of formality greater than ■ the ruling at issue in Mead and more ’ proximate to the level of formality expected for Chevron deference despite not having been subject to notice-and-comment; (4) the statutory and- regulatory scheme surrounding the administration of tariff preference programs, tariff classification and'other like issues is highly detailed and complex, and Customs brings the benefit of specialized experience to bear on the subtle.questions addressed in T.D.
While there are CBP rulings on the record which support the use of HTS subheading 7604 and these rulings relate to unfinished aluminum articles, this does not necessarily mean that HTS subheading 7604 would only apply to unfinished aluminum profiles.
2016) (a plaintiff alleging violations of § 1692g and § 1692e(ll) "sufficiently alleged that she has sustained a concrete—i.e., ‘real’—injury because she did not receive the allegedly required disclosures” to which she was entitled pursuant to the FDCPA); Bautz v. ARS Nat'l Servs., Inc., 226 F.Supp.3d 131, 147-48, 2016 WL 7422301, at *12 (E.D.N.Y.
In Counts 10 and 11, the plaintiff asserts a cause of action for breach of the November 11, 2007 Agreement (Count 10) and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing in violation of Florida common law with respect to the November 11, 2007 Agreement (Count 11).
However, there is sufficient foundation to support Mr. Slop-er's opinion that Hawaiian’s training program teaches the fundamentals of the SABRE system, a computer software program for customer reservations and airport passenger handling that is "widely used" in the airline industry.
She posits that, “on a daily basis,” her supervisors made derogatory comments regarding her age and gender; screamed and insulted her up to the point that she felt physically threatened; and falsely accused her of engaging in a fraud scheme involving illegal appropriation of corporate funds.
The opposing party must also demonstrate that the dispute about a material fact “is ‘genuine,’ that is, if the evidence is such that a reasonable jury could return a verdict for the nonmoving party.” Anderson, 477 U.S. at 248, 106 S.Ct.
The Magistrate Judge only reached the question of whether the eleven-month gap between when Interstate paid the money to Banks and when it brought this action was reasonable because he “assumfed] arguendo that the indemnity payment cannot be characterized as ‘liquidated.’ ” Id.
Initially there was “no formalized scoring system” in place, and the Parole Board only “was required by regulation to consider factors such as the inmate’s offense, prior history of criminality, personal and social history, ... [and] institutional experience, ... when exercising its discretion to authorize parole.” Davis v. Henderson, 652 A.2d 634, 635 (D.C.1995).
at 905 (citing Reed v. Heil, 206 F.3d 1055 (11th Cir.2000)); see also New v. Sports & Recreation, Inc., 114 F.3d 1092, 1096 n. 5 & 1097 n. 7 (11th Cir.1997).
When a FOIA request “is not made in accordance with the published regulations, the FOIA claim is subject to dismissal for failure to exhaust administrative remedies, as ‘[t]he failure to comply with an agency’s FOIA regulations [for filing a proper FOIA request] is the equivalent of a failure to exhaust.’ ” Id.
Section 2315.21 provides, in pertinent part: (C) Subject to division (E) of this section, punitive or exemplary damages are not recoverable from a defendant in question in a tort action unless both of the following apply: (1) The actions or omissions of that defendant demonstrate malice or aggravated or egregious fraud or that defendant as principal or master knowingly authorized, participated in, or ratified actions or omissions of an agent or servant that so demonstrate.
But “where the judgment sought is strictly in personam, both the state court and the federal court, having concurrent jurisdiction, may proceed with the litigation at least until judgment is obtained in one of them which may be set up as res judicata in the other.” Id.
The evil mind can be shown by some combination of “evil actions”, “spiteful motives”, or “outrageous, oppressive or intolerable conduct that creates a substantial risk of tremendous harm to others.” Volz v. Coleman Co., Inc., 155 Ariz. 567, 570, 748 P.2d 1191, 1194 (1987).
In this case, Plaintiff submitted an unpublished and unreported 2007 Memorandum Opinion and Order from the Western District of Kentucky at Louisville in which a judge saw fit to increase the customary fee given the increase in cost of living in Louisville since 1996, the year Congress enacted the EAJA.
Death during auto-erotic activity involving electricity is an example of a nonasphyxial or “atypical” autoerotic death (the asphyxial variety is far commoner and therefore characterized as “typical”).
For the reasons set forth above, the Court will grant SUNTRUST MORTGAGE, INC.’S MOTION IN LIMINE TO PRECLUDE UNITED GUARANTY’S INTRODUCTION OF PAROL EVIDENCE FOR PURPOSES OF ALTERING THE MEANING OF THE PARTIES’ UNAMBIGUOUS WRITTEN CONTRACTUAL AGREEMENTS (Docket No.
If Peters’s appeal of the forfeiture order succeeds, he will recover the proceeds of the sale of Lot 26, and there is no showing that he could not use those proceeds to begin developing real estate, if that is what he elected to do.
v. Everett, 964 F.2d 701, 702-703 (7th Cir.1992); Penn, LLC v. New Edge Network, Inc., 2003 WL 22765048, at *4 (N.D.Ill.
On January 27, 2011, Fortucci amended her complaint, removing the federal claim and alleging fraud in the inducement/misrepresentation (Count I), wrongful termination (Count II), breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing (Count III) and intentional infliction of emotional distress (Count IV).
Under this amendment, George M. Williamson, Defendant Craig Williamson, Margaret Loving Williamson Cavitt, and Stuart Williamson (Mrs. Sutherland’s nieces and nephews) were each to receive 15% of the Revocable Trust’s assets, Robert Majerus was to receive $100,000, and the remainder was to go to Plaintiffs.
Furthermore, courts in this Circuit have observed that New York’s standard for determining when a pre-trial hearing on the suggestiveness of an identification procedure should be held “may be more rigorous than the federal doctrine as applied in this Circuit.” Alvarez v. Fischer, 170 F.Supp.2d 379, 385-86 (S.D.N.Y.2001) (citing Garcia v. Kuhlmann, 897 F.Supp.
Even if the Court were to accept defendants’ arguments that Korean copyright law applies and that the plaintiffs’ United States copyright registrations should be disregarded as irrelevant, defendants have still not proffered a sufficient basis for the Court to reconsider its ruling that the plaintiffs own the asserted works.
After having examined the insurance policy and the parties’ briefs, and having heard oral argument on the issue of summary judgment on Count IV of UG’s Counterclaim, the Court finds that Count IV can, and should, be resolved as a matter of law.
§ 853(c), which state that “all right, title, and interest in property described in subsection (a) of this section vests in the United States upon the commission of the act giving rise to forfeiture under this section” (emphasis added); see also Boulware, 384 F.3d at 813.
These subsections make it unlawful for a dealer to, respectively, “use false, deceptive or misleading advertising in connection with his business,” and “willfully defraud any retail buyer to the buyer’s damage.” The Complaint adequately alleges that the Defendants advertised.
According to Eyal, Jewelex is liable under state law because it “regularly produces, manufactures, advertises, offers for sale and otherwise distributes, for commercial advantage and private financial gain, rings ... by Jewelex ... which use the Prinuette Trade Dress without permission, and thus infringe upon [Eyal’s] trade dress.” Second.
Similarly, in Sellers, plaintiffs alleged that their child’s test scores in fourth grade should have alerted a school system that the child needed special education, yet the school system did not diagnose the child as disabled until shortly before the child turned eighteen.
For evidentiary support, Defendant points to Trooper Mazza’s statements that “the court’s gonna say no cooperation, no remorse” and “you are the one that ultimately is gonna sit there and pay a ... much larger premium because you opted just to be yourself and ... not cooperate.” (Gov’t Ex.
See Rule 4-3.7(b) (“A lawyer may act as advocate in a trial in which another lawyer in the lawyer’s firm is likely to be called as a witness unless precluded from doing so by rule 4-1.7 or 4-1.9.”).
5/17-10(2) for possession of stolen or fraudulently obtained checks is admissible under Federal Rule of Evidence 609(a)(2), which allows a witness to be impeached by evidence that s/he was convicted of a crime “if it readily can be determined that establishing the elements of the crime required proof or admission of an act of dishonesty or false statement by the witness.” Fed.R.Evid.
Bourke v. Dun & Bradstreet Corp., 159 F.3d 1032, 1038 (7th Cir.1998) (“Illinois law requires that we ... examine [the contract] as a whole, giving effect, to the extent possible, to all contractual provisions.”) (citing Illinois law); see also PFT Roberson, 420 F.3d at 732 (“[T]he parties need not recite a formula to demonstrate that a definitive agreement lies in the future.
Although Ms. Barnett was not in the position to malte the ultimate decision to terminate Plaintiff's claim, the Occupational Analysis she provided was prepared for the purpose of evaluating Plaintiff's claim and was ultimately relied upon to support the decision to terminate Plaintiff's long-term disability benefits.
It is well settled that “[w]hen a business is sold as a going concern, trademarks and the good will of the business that they symbolize are presumed to pass with the sale of the business.” 3 McCarthy on Trademarks and Unfair Competition § 18:37 (4th ed.
"[M]ajor life activities include, but are not limited to, caring for oneself, performing manual tasks, seeing, hearing, eating, sleeping, walking, standing, lifting, bending, speaking, breathing, learning, reading, concentrating, thinking, communicating, and working.” 42 U.S.C.
§ 6308(a)], the Coast Guard report disputed here is not admissible evidence in this case.” And, “[c]ertainly, the Coast Guard report or any portion is inadmissible as a general rule.”); I & M Rail Link, LLC v. Northstar Nav., Inc., 98 C 50359, 2001 WL 460028, at *6 (N.D.Ill.
Furthermore, because there are genuine issues of material fact as to whether Century is liable to Big-D for certain property damage, Century did not fail to effectuate prompt, fair and equitable settlements of claims in which Century’s liability had become reasonably clear.
Bell established a two-prong standard for determining whether conditions of confinement violate Due Process: whether the questioned “restrictions and practices” (1) “are rationally related to a legitimate nonpunitive governmental purpose[,]” and (2) “whether they appear excessive in relation to that purpose.” Id.
Williams’s first cause of action challenges the state of Alabama’s lethal injection procedure as insufficient to “induc[e] and maintain[] loss of consciousness and loss of sensation prior to execution,” thus, “caus[ing] severe pain in the process of causing death.” (Williams’s Compl.
The HSP is “a State and federally funded program designed to allow Illinois residents, who are at risk of unnecessary or premature institutionalization, to receive necessary care and services in their homes, as opposed to being placed in an institution.” Ill. Admin.
This court’s March 30, 2012, order denied summary judgment on plaintiffs negligence and strict product liability claims based on the finding that there was still a triable issue of fact as to whether defendant’s warnings regarding the risks associated with ECD exposures were adequate.
The Trader Joe’s-brand products implicated in this litigation include: Trader Joe’s Joe Joe’s Chocolate Vanilla Creme Cookies; Trader Joe’s Joe Joe’s Chocolate Sandwich Cream Cookies; Trader Joe’s Fresh Pressed Apple Juice; Trader Joe’s Jumbo Cinnamon Rolls; Trader Joe’s Buttermilk Biscuits; and Trader Joe’s Trader Giotto’s 100% Natural Fat Free Ricotta Cheese.
State action occurs when the constitutional deprivation is caused (1) either “by the exercise of some right or privilege created by the [s]tate[,] by a rule of conduct imposed by the [s]tate[,] or by a person for whom the [sjtate is responsible”; and (2) the party charged with the deprivation is “a person who may fairly be said to be a state actor.” Den Hollander v. Copacabana Nightclub, 624 F.3d 30, 33 (2d Cir.2010) (quoting Lugar v. Edmondson Oil Co., 457 U.S. 922, 937, 102 S.Ct.
at 541-43; see also McMillian, 567 F.3d at 845 (dismissing case for lack of subject matter jurisdiction where “plaintiffs restfed] their entire argument concerning amount in controversy on the allegations contained in their complaint” and did not submit “competent proof’).
Taking into account the full record, the Court finds that it is likely that JRC had apparent authority to act on behalf of Jas-min when executing the Contract but relies exclusively on its finding that JRC had actual authority to hold that Jasmin was bound to arbitrate this dispute.
In addition, there were initially two BDP entities parties to this litigation: BDP International, Inc. and BDP International, N.V. BDP International, Inc. is the movant herein; BDP International, N.V. was dismissed from the case in 2014.
2004) (“Indirect infringement, whether inducement to infringe or contributory infringement, can only arise in the presence of direct infringement, though the direct in-fringer is typically someone other than the defendant accused of indirect infringement.”); Joy Techs., Inc. v. Flakt, Inc., 6 F.3d 770, 774 (Fed.
As for materiality, [a] document, statement, act, or omission is material if it has the natural tendency to influence or is capable of influencing .... [Customs’] determination of an importer’s liability for duty .... ” 19 C.F.R.
And the Terms of Service Agreement provides that Sony reserves the right to monitor “online activity on PSN.” The agreement also warns users that they must not use the PSN to violate any local, state, or federal laws, and that any information Sony acquires while monitoring the users’ activities may be turned over to appropriate law enforcement authorities.
Here, the issuing of the appraisal award is therefore not a condition precedent to the filing of a lawsuit, in that under the terms of the policy, Plaintiffs could have initiated a lawsuit against Allstate once it was determined that there was disagreement between the parties over the loss.
Just as significant, the ALJ dismissed the self-reported diagnosis of fibromyalgia by stating that a diagnosis of fibromyalgia may not be based solely on the conclusion of a physician who himself received a report of a history of fibromyalgia from the patient, but must be supported by evidence that the physician has reviewed the patient’s medical history and conducted a physical examination which produced findings that the patient “has at least 11 positive trigger points” supportive of a diagnosis of fibromyalgia.
2015) ("[T]he Neiman Marcus customers should not have to wait until hackers commit identity theft or credit-card fraud [after a data breach] in order to give the class standing, because there is an 'objectively reasonable likelihood' that such an injury will occur.”) (quoting Clapper, 133 S.Ct.
complaint is excessively long and runs afoul of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 8(a); 2) GC2 does not own the rights to the artwork used in IGT’s games; 3) IGT’s website does not convey false copyright management information relating to GC2’s artwork; and 4) IGT did not engage in any deceptive acts.
The Sheridans filed this putative class action on behalf of themselves and other “owners of reproduction and public performance rights in Pre-1972 Recordings that have been publicly performed... by iHeartRadio ....” Id.
Summary dismissal of a section 2255 claim is appropriate when the petition “(1) is inadequate on its face, or (2) although facially adequate, is conclusively refuted as to the alleged facts by the files and records of the case.” Moran v. Hogan, 494 F.2d 1220, 1222 (1st Cir.
The Federal Circuit disagreed with the distinction the Court drew, and held that the appellant’s challenge to the Secretary’s implementation of section 1155 is beyond this Court’s jurisdiction and may only be reviewed through a direct challenge to the Secretary’s rulemaking under 38 U.S.C.
As in Piotrowski, prior, unreported acts of one of defendant’s employees could have led to the shelf falling; “but that this was the cause is only speculation, and speculation is not sufficient to survive summary judgment.” 842 F.3d at 1039.
Except with respect to constitutional issues, we “may not review (A) a challenge to a factual determination, or (B) a challenge to a law or regulation as applied to the facts of a particular case.” 38 U.S.C.
Careful analysis of the facts and events of this case reveals that PCH, OOG’s and COGG’s personnel, including Dr. Velázquez, were practicing below the standard of care in the treatment provided to Mrs. Patrie M. Rivera Mar-rero.
§ 5313); see Sursely v. Peake, 551 F.3d 1351 (Fed.Cir.2009) (where regulation essentially parroted statute, the opinion letter of the Director of VA’s Compensation and Pension Service was viewed not as an interpretation of the VA’s own regulation — which would be accorded substantial deference under 38 U.S.C.
Specifically, the Affidavit of the Process Server states that on January 18, 2017, at 1:23 p.m., the Nation of Islam was served by “delivering a conformed copy of the [Summons and Amended Complaint] to John Doe as Minister of Nation of Islam at 7351 South Stony Island Ave., Chicago, IL 60649.” Id.
Retinitis pigmentosa is “frequently hereditary” and “marked by progressive loss of retinal response” and “retinal atrophy.” Dorland’s Illustrated Medical Dictionary 1634 (32nd ed.2012) (emphasis added).
While Ameren argued that it expected small reductions in auxiliary load as a result of the boiler upgrades, such reductions would result in an improvement in net efficiency, not gross efficiency, and as a result do not affect the amount of coal that the unit is capable of burning.
1451, 67 L.Ed.2d 662 (1981) (holding that a private right of action under the Davis-Bacon Act would disrupt the balance between the interests pf contractors and the interests of their employees); Massachusetts Mut.
A prisoner in custody under sentence of a court established by Act of Congress claiming the right to be released upon the ground that the sentence was imposed in violation of the Constitution or laws of the United States ... may move the court which imposed the sentence to vacate, set aside or correct the sentence.
2016) (“The words ‘lack of jurisdiction’ in Rule 12(b)(2) refer to jurisdiction of the subject matter.”); see also U.S. v. Grote, 632 F.2d 387, 388-89 (5th Cir.
The University’s control over the Students’ sponsorship money similarly puts the Students into a position of “weakness, dependence, or trust,” and opens the door for the University to obtain “an unfair advantage” by exercising “dominion” over the Students.
Answer ¶ 81; (2) appending to the existing due process ■ affirmative defense an explanation that “[t]he due process violations stem from the involvement of the Ukrainian General Prosecutors Office in the collection of documents and witness testimony that will be used in this matter,” id.
I therefore gave the government seven days to file a new, complete appeal of the magistrate judge’s order and ordered both of the parties to address the applicability of § 6103 to the magistrate judge’s order and to the production of the tax records requested in this case.
Putting aside whether a factual basis for the plaintiffs claim exists, the defendants argue that, “[ijnsofar as [the plaintiff] has sought damages for the alleged abuse of process occasioned by delay in issuance of his parole decision, his [tort] claims must be dismissed.” Mem.
Federal district courts are also vested with original jurisdiction over any civil action between citizens of different states “where the matter in controversy exceeds the sum or value of $75,000, exclusive of interests and costs .... ” 28 U.S.C.
But Martinez’s wage, when calculated on an hourly basis, always fell below the minimum required by law: Even when she was receiving $1,300 a month, and assuming a four week month and only a 40-hour week, her wage amounted to only $8.13 an hour.
Among the factors that the Navarette Court found significant with respect to the reliability of the 911 call in that case were (1) the caller’s apparent eyewitness knowledge of an allegedly dangerous activity; (2) that the call was placed soon after the caller perceived the event, and (3) that the caller used the 911 system.
In its motion for summary judgment, the government claims that the Memorandum was appropriately withheld pursuant to FOIA Exemption 1 (for classified national security information), Exemption 3 (for documents protected from disclosure by statute), and Exemption 5 (for privileged materials).
Here, although the ALJ discounts Mr. Blacktongue’s testimony on other grounds, he does not appear to dispute that Mr. Blacktongue did not graduate from high school, that he only attended school through the seventh grade, or that he was in special education classes from fourth grade on.
If we do not receive such amount at our Administrative Office before the end of the grace period, we will then: (1) withdraw and retain any amount in your Policy Account; and (2) send a written notice to you and any assignee on our records at last known addresses stating that this policy has ended without value.
The Court also considered other factors, finding no evidence that Brady pled guilty due to “actual or threatened physical harm or mental coercion,” that he had competent counsel and was able to “rationally weigh the advantages of going to trial against [those] of pleading guilty,” and that his plea was entered in open court before a trial judge who twice questioned its voluntariness.
Thus, the fact that [she] may have used marijuana around that time would have had ‘an undue tendency to suggest decision on an improper basis.’ ” Two Rivers, 686 F.3d at 563 (citing United States v. Yellow, 18 F.3d 1438, 1442 (8th Cir.
Letter from Ari M. Berman, filed Aug. 12, 2016 (Docket # 129) ("Berman Letter"); Letter from David F. Meschan, filed Aug. 19, 2016 (Docket # 133) ("Meschan Letter”); Letter from Ari M. Berman, filed Aug. 26, 2016 (Docket # 134); Letter from David F. Meschan, filed Sept. 2, 2016 (Docket # 137).
§ 8446(b) (“On reasonable notice, a partner may inspect and copy during regular business hours, at a reasonable location specified by the partnership, any record maintained by the partnership regarding the partnership's business, financial condition and other circumstances,”).
As a result of the fraudulent scheme, the NCUA paid' $18,376,542 in claims from purchasers of the unrecorded share certificates that Defendants sold between August 14, 2007, and September 14, 2012, because the credit union did not have the asséts to pay for these share certificates.
Since “the only fact that might generate a genuine issue as to [the defendant’s] intent, that he opened the inmates’ cell doors at the wrong time,, [was] .equally probative of intent or inadvertence,” the district court granted summary judgment.
Such factors include: (1) ease of access to sources of proof; (2) availability of compulsory process to compel attendance of witnesses; (3) cost of attendance of willing witnesses; (4) ease of a 'view of premises, if necessary; (5) enforceability of the judgment, if obtained; (6) advantages and obstacles to a fair trial; (7) status of the court’s trial caléndar; and (8) familiarity of forum with applicable state law.
However, this “so-called constructive exhaustion ceases to offer a basis for judicial action once an agency actually responds.” Schwaner v. Dep’t of the Army, 696 F.Supp.2d 77, 80 (D.D.C.
In the memorandum opinion and.order, the court (1) denied the motion to dismiss the state-law claims in counts.I and II of the amended complaint because the parties’ contentions raised issues of fact that the court could not resolve through a motion to dismiss, and (2) provided the parties with a period of time to conduct limited discovery on the potential applicability of the safe harbor provision and ■ then file motions for summary judgment on this issue.
Jan. 24, 2006) (limited particularization required on two counts charging the defendant with making false state ments to a government agent, where there was no indication that the allegedly false statements were made in response to a specific inquiry by the agents and there was no transcript of the interview), report and recommendation adopted, 2006 WL 1875407 (W.D.N.Y.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that if Plaintiffs Pedro Zaragoza Delgado and Ema Georgina Zaragoza-Aldana wish to be reimbursed for their attorney’s fees incurred as a result of Defendants’ removal of this case, they shall FILE within ten days a motion for attorney’s fees pursuant to and in compliance with Local Court Rule CV-7(j).
Threats themselves do not constitute extreme and outrageous conduct, King, 640 A.2d at 668, but may be when a person would take the threat seriously in light of the defendant’s conduct and the parties’ relationship, compare, e.g., Jonathan Woodner Co. v. Breeden, 665 A.2d 929, 935 (D.C. 1995) (death threat' was extreme and outrageous because it was made by an individual who repeatedly “accidentally” dropped a gun while making threats); Homan, 711 A.2d at 820 (death threat from an individual who had stalked and harassed the plaintiff for a year both at the plaintiffs home and place of business could be found to be “outrageous”), with Otano v. Ocean, No.
[T]he statute “defines the verb ‘employ’ expansively to mean ‘suffer or permit to work.” ’ Unfortunately, however, the statute’s definition of “employer” relies on the very word it seeks to define: “ ‘Employer’ includes any person acting directly or indirectly in the interest of an employer in relation to an employee.” 29 U.S.C.
1111, codified in various sections of Title 5 of the United States Code, provides the exclusive set of remedies for claims brought pursuant to the WPA.” Harris v. Bodman, 538 F.Supp.2d 78, 82 (D.D.C.
In Virginia, "where a policy contains a recitation that the applicant's answers are correct to the best of his knowledge ... the insurer must also show that his answers are knowing ly false.” Van Anderson v. Life Ins.
Where, as here, the initial IHO decision and the SRO decisions are in conflict, “the Court should generally defer to the SRO’s decision as the final decision of the state authorities.” J.W., 95 F.Supp.3d at 601 (quoting FB v. N.Y.C.
“The Supreme Court has made clear that ‘a municipality cannot be made liable’ under § 1983 for acts of its employees ‘by application of the doctrine of re-spondeat superior.’ ” Roe v. City of Waterbury, 542 F.3d 31, 36 (2d Cir.
In his opposition to the motion to dismiss, Palacios asks that, if .the Court finds that his claim falls within the Tucker Act, then it should grant him leave to file an amended complaint that would disclaim any request for money 'damages, Pl.’s Opp’n 7 n.2, or it should transfer his case to the Court of Federal Claims, id.
Following the notice of default, the Developer failed to cure any of the cited defaults or to make the second rental payment of $1,475,000, which was originally due by March 15, 2011, by the University’s proposed extended date of December 8, 2011, or to commence construction on the project.
A motion to dismiss under Rule 12(b)(6) “challenges the legal sufficiency of a complaint ... considered with the assumption that the facts alleged are true.” Francis v. Giacomelli, 588 F.3d 186, 192 (4th Cir.
Falto’s amended complaint was quite clear as to the relief she sought: “to be reinstated in the position that she held as Director of the Head-Start Program for the City of Mayaguez before she was illegally dismissed.” Am.
2000) (explaining that a motion to reconsider is an “inappropriate vehicle[]to reargue an issue previously addressed by the court when the motion merely advances new arguments, or supporting facts which were available at the time of the original motion.”).
AARP argues that the 30% level is inconsistent with the “ordinary meaning” of voluntary because this incentive is too high to give employees a meaningful choice regarding whether or not to participate in wellness programs that require the disclosure of ADA-protected information.
The issuing examiner cited three additional references and found that, “the use of a blower tube with a mouthpiece, a check valve, and a bubble forming, tube with a fluid storing chamber is generally known in the art: the prior art fails to teach or fairly suggest ... a bubble blower tube including a bubble fluid retaining ring with an outer bubble fluid retaining part and an inner bubble fluid retaining part.” Dkt.
[EJxcept where congressional abrogation of a Supreme'Court decision is express, “only [the Supreme] Court may overrule one of its precedents” — whether through its own opinion or recognition of congressional override — and until that occurs, Fourco is and still was the law.
Plaintiff alleges that Edward Finnegan, - in his capacity as the Assistant Section Chief of the Eurasian Section of the FBI’s Counterintelligence Division, “explicitly told [her] that he would not transfer her because she had filed a formal EEO complaint” and that he “rescinded his transfer offer” to transfer plaintiff from Unit ID to Unit IB.
Based on these explanations, set forth in NMFS’s Section 120 Report as well as in a Federal Register notice that was open to public comment, the Court concludes that NMFS has adequately explained how the apparent inconsistencies among its findings can be reconciled in light of the different statutory standards applied under NEPA, the ESA, and the MMPA.
New Jersey courts apply a five-pronged test to determine whether collateral estoppel should bar relitigation of an issue: (1) the issue must be identical; (2) the issue must have actually been litigated in a prior proceeding; (3) the prior court must have issued a final judgment on the merits; (4) the determination of the issue must have been essential to the prior judgment; and (5) the party against whom collateral estoppel is asserted must have been a party or in privity with a party to the earlier proceeding.
The Lanham Act prohibits the "false or misleading description of fact, or false or misleading representation of fact, which ... in commercial advertising or promotion, misrepresents the nature, characteristics, qualities, or geographic origin of ... goods, services, or commercial activities.” 15 U.S.C.
Mr. Santa’s treating doctor, Dr. Ank Nijhawan of the Department of Immunology at Miriam Hospital, stated that Mr. Santa suffers from insomnia, fatigue, anxiety, headaches, nausea, muscle pain, and fluid retention secondary to his HIV, hypertension, anxiety/depression, and other conditions.
In Honorable, the plaintiffs — "African-Americans who sought to buy rehabbed homes offered for sale by the defendants in or near the predominately black Austin area on the west side of Chicago, Illinois” — alleged that the defendants’ selling practices violated 42 U.S.C.
Zombro v. Baltimore City Police Dept., 868 F.2d 1364, 1366 (4th Cir.1989) (quoting Chapman v. Houston Welfare Rights Org., 441 U.S. 600, 99 S.Ct.
It generally recognizes five theories of jurisdiction, the objective territorial, national, passive, protective and universal.” Tel-Oren v. Libyan Arab Republic, 726 F.2d 774, 781 n. 7 (D.C.Cir.1984).
So the evidence of deliberate indifference here is a number of uncorroborated complaints an unknown subset of which occurred during the relevant time period (and which average to only five complaints a year), and one civil case that had barely started by the time of plaintiffs’ searches and that ultimately settled without an admission of fault.
"[T]he district court may consider documents referred to in the complaint if the documents are central to the plaintiff’s claim and the parties do not dispute the documents' authenticity.” Alvarado v. KOB-TV, L.L.C., 493 F.3d 1210, 1215 (10th Cir.
Although declining to order modifications to the challenged districts prior to the fast-approaching November 2016 election, the Memorandum Opinion and accompanying Order enjoined the State from “conducting any elections for State House and State Senate offices after November 8, 2016, until a new redistricting, plan is in place,” (Doc.
After addressing one-person, one-vote and the Voting Rights Act, Brace then considered what he described as “the kitchen sink.” The kitchen sink included — “anything else that might be a factor, bé it political, be it other types of demographics, be it geography, be it communities of interest, be it any of those other kinds of things that people talk about in terms of redistricting.” Many traditional redistricting principles appear to fall into this third category.
The Court may consider “the document received by the defendant from the plaintiff — be it the initial complaint or a later received paper — and determines whether that document and the notice of removal unambiguously establish federal jurisdiction.” Lowery v. Ala. Power Co., 483 F.3d 1184, 1213 (11th Cir.
These facts might make the difference between culpable conduct and conduct that, while unfair and inconsiderate, does not “exceed all bounds of that usually tolerated in a civilized community.” Hughes, 46 Cal.4th at 1050-51, 95 Cal.Rptr.3d 636, 209 P.3d 963.
Section 9(f) of the TCA is titled “Enforcement Of The DRP” and states, in part, that “[t]his DRP is the full and complete agreement relating to arbitration as the means to resolve covered disputes between you and TriNet and between you, and your worksite employer unless the DRP is waived by your worksite employer or superseded by other terms and conditions of your employment with your worksite employer.” (TCA § 9(f).)
Without these guideposts, post hoc rationalizations by the licensing official and the use of shifting or illegitimate criteria are far too easy, making it difficult for courts to determine in any particular case whether the licensor is permitting favorable, and suppressing unfavorable, expression.
Plaintiff stated that after Hudson resigned, Plaintiff was the only one with enough experience to run the green season and that during the green season, she “managed the Human Resources Department working 8-12 hour days -6-7 days a week without any extra pay.” (Kinch Aff.
Similarly, issuance of the negative performance review to Ms. Toomer also was not a materially adverse action because Ms. Toomer has nowhere linked that negative review to financial harms or other negative tangible job consequences nor has she alleged that it contained abusive language.
§ 1127 as including ‘any word, name, symbol, or device or any combination thereof used by any person ‘to identify and distinguish his or her goods, including a unique product, from those manufactured or sold by others and to in dicate the source of the goods, even if that source is unknown.’ ” Two Pesos, Inc. v. Taco Cabana, Inc., 505 U.S. 763, 768, 112 S.Ct.
He seeks release of the document with the following edits: 1) the filing-date information of the applications filed on low-volume days may be' redacted, and ,2) the low-volume-day filing-date information may be replaced with the week in which the application was filed.
2404, 150 L.Ed.2d 532 (2001), when it applied O’Brien to.a Massachusetts sales practices regulation because “Massachusetts seeks to regulate the placement of tobacco products for reasons unrelated to the communication of ideas.” Id.
The crash allegedly occurred due to a loss of control consistent with a “torque roll” — a roll to the left upon an increase in engine power such as would occur during a missed approach — for which the TBM 700 allegedly had a known propensity.
In order to be placed in the TSDB, there must be “reasonable suspicion to establish that the individual is a known or suspected terrorist[,]”- Declaration of G. Clayton Grigg, Deputy Director for Operations of TSC (ECF No.
Doe does not dispute these facts but responds by making conelu-sory arguments that Medeiros’s conduct was “directly related to [his] work” because it was “part of his evaluation of Ms. Doe.” D. 57 at 10.
A pro se complaint is “liberally construed and ... however inartfully pleaded, must be held to less stringent standards than formal pleadings drafted by lawyers.” Erickson v. Pardus, 551 U.S. 89, 94, 127 S.Ct.
Additionally, to the extent that Mr. Lewis seeks to assert claims under other anti-retaliation provisions of securities and workplace safety laws, see Form TCR (Tip, Complaint or Referral) to U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, ECF No.
In line with its policy, Experian sent Plaintiff a letter informing him it had received suspicious correspondence, stating that it would not be initiating a dispute, and requesting Plaintiff to call a 1-855 number if he was truly trying to dispute a debt.
1997) (“[I]ssues adverted to in a perfunctory manner, unaccompanied by some effort at developed argumentation, are deemed waived” because "[i]t is not sufficient for a party to mention a possible argument in the most skeletal way, leaving the court to ... put flesh on its bones”).
1265 (2010) (“Johnson 2010”), the Supreme Court held that the term “physical force” in § 924(e)(2)(B)(i) must be “strong physical force,” “a substantial degree of force,” or “violent force — that is, force capable of causing physical pain or injury to another person.” 559 U.S. at 140, 130 S.Ct.
Analysis under the third factor— the due process analysis — “is nearly identical to traditional personal jurisdiction analysis with one significant difference: rather than considering contacts.between the [defendant] and the forum state, we consider contacts with the nation as a whole.” Id.
In short, plaintiffs only “evidence calling the employer’s proffered reason into doubt is weak, and the record also, contains ‘abundant and, uncontroverted independent evidence that .no discrimination ha[s] occurred.’ ” Allen v. Johnson, 795 F.3d 34, 40 (D.C. Cir.
Pugh’s allegations were directed at-the.actions of Willette Yarborough, Assistant Chief of Human Relations, and Jeff Kager, Chief of the Library.Service, whom Pugh accused .of discriminating against him between December 2015 and February 2016 on the basis- of his disabilities and retaliating against him for prior EEO activity.
In literature Toyobo sent to the United States at that time, Toyobo touted its testing data showing Zylon’s “superior tensile strength,” “high temperature abrasion resistance,” low “moisture regain,” and “stability] against humidify.” Id., Ex.
This type of re-litigation should not be permitted and, in-the Court’s view,, is exactly the type of litigation that the doctrine of res judica-ta seeks to prevent; Roberson was given a full -and fair opportunity in state court -to prove that Hill was negligent.
Although Plaintiff does not include the exact terms “invasion of priva cy” and “nuisance” in his Complaint, his alleged injuries are the types- of harm that Congress “sought to curb” and “elevatfed] to the status of legally cognizable injuries” when it passed the TCPA.
Iconics argues that he improperly relied on Massaro and other BaxEnergy employees to interpret its trade secrets, that he never inspected Iconics’ code directly (with the single exception of the webHMLjs file), and that he did not use Iconics technical documents which even he admitted would have helped him better understand the trade secrets.
Barnes’ disqualification, which the parties agree constitutes an adverse action, resulted in Barnes being sent back to his previous position as a meterman [DE 62-10], a job that pays less per NIPSCO’s CBA.
It concluded “that ‘necessary’ should be construed to mean that Amtrak finds that an acquisition is a useful and appropriate way to accomplish its goals,” and that courts should “review Amtrak’s decision ... to determine if it has abused its discretion by making an unreasonable business judgment that the condemnation of the property is necessary.” Nat’l R.R.
In fact, as one California court noted, [t]he scope of the manager’s privilege, as developed under California’s common law ..., is neither clear nor consistent.” Huynh v. Vu, 111 Cal.App.4th 1183, 1194, 4 Cal.Rptr.3d 595 (2003); see also Graw v. Los Angeles County Metro.
“A claim has facial plausibility when the plaintiff pleads factual content that allows the court to draw the reasonable inference that the defendant is liable for the misconduct alleged.” Ashcroft v. Iqbal, 556 U.S. 662, 678, 129 S.Ct.
[whether the person] (1) was detained and questioned for a long or short time; (2) was threatened, physically intimidated, or punished by the police; (3) relied upon promises or misrepresentations made by the police; (4) was in custody or under arrest when the consent was given; (5) was in a public or a secluded place; (6) either objected to the search or stood by silently while the search occurred.
The items to be seized included, among other things, “All firearms available for retail sale or intended to be offered for sale, including but not limited to, firearms on display and other firearms in inventory which are owned or possessed by 2nd Amendment Guns, LLC” and “firearms, regardless of ownership, not logged into FFL records as required by Law.” According to the Clows, government agents seized approximately 221 guns, 103 from the Gun shop and 118 from the residence and garage along with computers and documents.
If the oral contract does not specify the performance term, it violates the statute of frauds if “[extrinsic] evidence conclusively proves that the contract cannot be completed within one year.” Niday, 643 S.W.2d at 920 (citation omitted).
But “[a] municipality’s culpability for a deprivation of rights is at its most tenuous where a claim turns on a failure to train.... To satisfy the statute, a municipality’s failure to train its employees in a relevant respect must amount to ‘deliberate indifference to the rights of persons with whom the [untrained employees] come into contact.’ ” Connick v. Thompson, - U.S. -, 131 S.Ct.
It requires, inter alia, that such employees be returned to their former position (or an equivalent position) with the same level of employment benefits, see RCW 49.78.280, and that employers refrain from discharging or otherwise discriminating against such employees for taking pregnancy-related leave.
The recognition of this conviction as a “crime of violence” under Article 14 of the North Carolina General Statutes, is highly persuasive but minimally insufficient standing alone to establish a “misdemeanor crime of domestic violence” under federal law absent a clear statutory or common requirement that the conviction or specific “crime of violence” equate to “physical force” or “force capable of causing physical pain or injury to another person.” See § 921 (a)(33)(A)(ii); White, 606 F.3d at 153.
Under this standard, § 10(b) liability will not be imposed when an investor’s conduct rises to the level of recklessness.” The Second Circuit has not issued a definitive list of factors that weigh on the reasonableness of reliance, but it has provided the following list of relevant factors (the “Brown factors”):
As for the possibility that Plaintiff unintentionally ingested cocaine within the 72-hour period prior to the test, Dr. Theriault said that she still would have reported the test as positive, because, according to the CBA and DOT regulations, unknowing use is not a legitimate medical explanation for a positive result.
DC-8, Inc. v. Hurel-Dubois UK Ltd., 326 F.3d 1333, 1347 (11th Cir.2003) (quoting Daubert, 509 U.S. at 591, 113 S.Ct.
Similarly, the Fourth Circuit has rejected a habeas petitioner’s claim that his counsel was ineffective in failing to offer the testimony of a DNA expert because "it is most unlikely that, even with an expert, [the petitioner] could have overcome the totality of evidence against him, which included not just forensic evidence, but also [a co-offender's] testimony, eyewitness testimony placing him in the vicinity of the store, and [another witness's] testimony regarding his actions after the murder.” Yarbrough v. Johnson, 520 F.3d 329, 339-40 (4th Cir.2008).
In pleading guilty, Chen admitted that the corporate sponsor for his Hl-B visa was a sham entity, that the visa application itself was based on a forged signature, that his naturalization application concealed the fact that he was married to two women at the same time, and that these statements were “false, material, and intended to deceive.”
For the reasons set forth above, the “Motion to Dismiss Plaintiffs Second Amended Complaint Pursuant to Rule 12(b)(6) of Defendants Gene Byron Schenberg, Richard F. Huck, III, Michael J. McKitrick, Danna McKitriek, P.C., NetSecure Technologies, Ltd. and Daniel McCann” (Dkt.
Accepting for present purposes Lauren Eremian’s protestations that she truly believed that her husband’s business was perfectly legitimate, she faces an insurmountable hurdle in the attempt to fit herself within the CAFRA innocent homeowner exception.
Defendants’ attorneys ask the court to defer ruling on the Fees Motion until June 27, 2011, which is the date when they say it can be known with certainty how many claims there are and, therefore, the value of that segment of the benefits to the class.
“Dismissal is a ‘harsh sanction,’ to be imposed only in particularly egregious situations where ‘a party has engaged deliberately in deceptive practices that undermine the integrity of judicial proceedings.’ ” Micron II, 645 F.3d at 1328 (quoting Leon v. IDX Sys.
Even if the best defense were a good offense, however, the Court here decides that an insurer’s duty to pay for an insured’s litigation defense does not extend to paying for the insured’s proactive lawsuits or other pre-litigation activities.
The court acknowledged that “the amount of payment due under an insurance contract cannot be determined without considering the amount of damages”, but the court noted that “this interrelationship does not eliminate the distinction.” Zimmerman, 317 Ill.App.3d at 367, 251 Ill.Dec.
Jalin then claimed that “[u]pon information and belief, after evaluating ... ABW’s loan application, the executives of [Jalin] made a business decision not to loan money to ABW.” (Compl.
668, 88 L.Ed.2d 677 (1986) ("[T]he Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment is not implicated by the lack of due care of an official causing unintended injury to life, liberty or property.”).
Unjust Enrichment...............................................360
Thus, Nissan’s argument that the alleged infringement requires action by the social media companies, and that Nissan does not control the acts of those companies, is best understood as Nissan’s defense against Helferich’s allegation of direct infringement rather than as an argument for impleader on those claims.
To state a claim pursuant to Section 10(b) and its implementing regulation, Rule 10b-5, “a plaintiff must allege that, in connection with the purchase or sale of securities, the defendant made material misstatements or omissions of material fact, with scienter, and that the plaintiffs reliance on the defendant’s actions caused injury to the plaintiff.” Slayton v. Am.
In addition to an extensive release of claims provision, HANO and U.S. Fire agreed that their settlement agreement would be governed by Louisiana law and further “agree[d] that the United States Eastern District Court for the State of Louisiana will retain jurisdiction in the event any dispute arises concerning this Agreement.” After the settlement agreement was executed by the parties on June 9, 2009, U.S. Fire moved to dismiss its coercive contribution claim against HANO, with prejudice, on September 3, 2009; its motion to dismiss was granted the next day.
O’Donnell v. Barry, 148 F.3d 1126, 1137 n. 3 (D.C.Cir.1998) (“ ‘[A] dismissal under Rule 12(b)(6) generally is not final or on the merits and the court normally will give plaintiff leave to file an amended complaint.’ ”) (quoting Wright, Miller & Kane, 5A Federal Practice & Procedure § 1357 at 360-61 (1990)).
2615, 69 L.Ed.2d 435 (1981) (internal quotations omitted) (holding that in view of “elaborate enforcement mechanisms” it could not be assumed Congress intended additional judicial remedies for citizens suing under environmental protection statutes).
In fact, the Commissioner concedes this point and acknowledges that the ALJ erred in failing to consider Ms. Borino’s lack of insurance in her decision not to treat with an orthopedist and erred about the depression treatment because she was seeing a therapist for her depression."
The Court is in receipt of two motions: (1) the Motion to Dismiss the Second Amended Complaint filed on September 12, 2012 by the OC Defendants (Doc 71); and (2) the Motion to Dismiss the Second Amended Complaint filed on September 10, 2012 by defendants City of Newport Beach, Newport Beach Police Department, Newport Beach Detective Penny Freeman, and Newport Beach Police Officer Neil Schuster, each in their official and individual capacities (collectively “the Newport Beach Defendants”) (Doc 69).
Courts considering the amount of a relator’s share of settlement proceeds have looked to various sources for guidance, including a Senate Report related to the 1986 amendments to the FCA, the Department of Justice’s (“DOJ’s”) internal FCA guidelines, and the case law.
In Blevins, the Court of Appeals adopted the Sixth Circuit’s holding that “a breach of contract claim cannot constitute an “occurrence” under liability policies triggered by an accident or occurrence.” Blevins, 268 S.W.3d at 374 (quoting Lenning v. Commercial Union Ins.
Finally, Ms. Swanson questions the inclusion in her claims file of an article from the Portsmouth Daily Times, dated March 20, 2007, that discusses a lawsuit she filed against the Boy Scouts as a result of an alleged head injury she suffered while at a Boy Scout camp ground.
On May 25, 2015, the Annuity Program sent Laura .a notice .stating-that, it had received the citation notice “to extend the restriction on the Player’s NFL Player Annuity Program” and that the restriction could continue only if the Qualified Order Team received a new draft domestic relations order that was different from the previously preapproved one, a court order, or a joinder.
Even if a jury were to disbelieve Ibarra’s testimony that he invented the full-cone version in February 2007, Bosch’s June 18, 2007 product sheet makes clear that the idea was already circulating within Bosch by twice referring to the possibility of using a full cone threaded tip, Doc.
In dicta, the Ross Court rejected the same argument that defendant now makes, explaining that the Final Rule “did recognize [the Attorney General’s] authority,' albeit ' reluctantly and contingently: .‘Congress at the very' least placed it within the1 Attorney General’s discretion to ■ apply SORNA’s requirements''to [pre-SORNA offenders] if he determines (as he has) that the public benefits of doing so outweigh any advérse effects.’ Final Rule, 75 Fed.
As a general rule, the effective date of an evaluation and award of VA disability compensation, based on an original claim or a request to reopen a claim, is the date of receipt of the claim or request or the date entitlement arose, whichever is later.
He sought relief on behalf of himself and all Houston veterans who have been “victimized under [the] PTSD research program conducted with [the] organization.” R.A. 3 (quoting Petition for Extraordinary Relief at 1, Adeyi v. McDonald, No.
Furthermore, although Judge Davis’s separate opinion cites Transmittal Sheet 744 for the proposition that in 1987 VA "intended to make clear that the regulation was to apply to claims for service connection for new conditions and not merely to claims for increases for disabilities already service connected” (post at 41), we do not read the transmittal sheet as conveying the Administrator's intention to contravene the plain language of the regulation, which expressly limits the applicability of § 3.157(b) to claims for increase or claims to reopen.
Donald L. Mulder appeals through counsel a March 27, 2012, Board of Veterans’ Appeals (Board) decision that found that a reduction of VA disability compensation payments due to incarceration for conviction of a felony pursuant to 38 C.F.R.
9, 1992), in which Judge Wisdom held that, if an insured settles a claim that potentially includes liability for both covered and uncovered activity, in a suit against the insurer for indemnification, the insured has the burden of demonstrating what portion of the settlement it paid was properly allocated to covered as opposed to uncovered damages.
The Secretary further argues that the appellant was notified of the offset in May 2010 and that, if the Court determines that the notice does not comply with those provisions, any error is not prejudicial to the appellant because she “fully pursued her right to dispute the indebtedness determination, and did so in a timely manner at the administrative level.” Secretary’s Aug. 12, 2014, Resp, at 4.
Mr. Gazelle argues that the Board should not have applied the combined ratings table because a distinction in the mon etary awards in subsections 1114(a) through (j) and 1114(k) through (t) — the SMC subsections — implicitly bars its application.
Specifically, the parties agreed that “the Board did not address or otherwise consider whether [Mr. Cook] has a diagnosis of carpel tunnel syndrome, which was caused or aggravated by his cubital syndrome, or whether this issue should have been considered by the December 2008 VA examiner.” Cook v. McDonald, U.S. Vet.App.
Furthermore, in Yahoo’s statement regarding jurisdiction and venue in the complaint, Yahoo makes clear that the parties are before the Court in diversity, and that “the contracts of insurance that are the subject of this action were entered into and were to be performed within this District, and the underlying events giving rise to Yahoo’s claim for insurance coverage occurred within this district.” Dkt.
“Where statutory language is ambiguous, we may [also] consider legislative history, but in doing so, we must ‘construct an interpretation that comports with the statute’s primary purpose and does not lead to anomalous or unreasonable results.’ ” Carlin, 852 F.3d at 214 (alteration omitted) (quoting Puello v. Bureau of Citizenship & Immigration Servs., 511 F.3d 324, 327 (2d Cir.
Boston Heart also argues that the national coverage determinations "are irrelevant to [the relator’s] claims and misleading” because (1) one "covers lipid tests that are not among the Boston Heart [t]ests challenged in this action,” and (2) the other refers to a Warfarin response test that "Boston Heart does not offer or perform.” Def.
Consequently, in his expert report, Mroszcysk opined that because So-masundram communicated with Rheon regarding those factors, the “conveyor [belt] was built by Piantedosi to Rheon specifications.
In such event, it may become difficult or confusing as to who acts for whom, and because the state and federal claims overlap to some degree it is possible that an attorney rep resenting an employee on the FLSA claim could take a different posture that the “class counsel” representing the same employee on the.
Therefore, the Court concludes that the term “peptide subfragment of ESAT-6 that contains a CD8 + epitope” in claims 1 and 6 of the ’821 patent is not indefinite and no further construction is necessary.
at 1255, this principle was held to foreclose a Fourth Amendment claim by a plaintiff who alleged that an officer “grabbed him from behind by the shoulder and wrist, threw.him against a van ..., kneed him in the back and pushed his head into the side of the van,” causing him to suffer bruising to his head, chest, and wrists that disappeared quickly and did not require medical treatment.
See, e.g., Ferguson v. Principi 273 F.3d 1072, 1076 (Fed.Cir.2001) (holding that “[w]hen ... a statute is unambiguous on its face, the parties do not argue for differing interpretations, and the Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims opinion is silent on adopting a particular statutory construction, the only logical conclusion is that the statute was not being interpreted, only applied”); 38 U.S.C.
Maurice Grayton appeals from the judgment of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims (Veterans Court) affirming the determination of the Board of Veterans Appeals (Board) that it was not reasonably feasible for Mr. Gray-ton to achieve a vocational goal for purposes of entitlement to vocational rehabilitation and training.
See Helfer v. West, 174 F.3d 1332, 1335 (Fed.Cir.1999) ("[Cjharacterization of [a] question as constitutional in nature does not confer upon us jurisdiction that we otherwise lack.”).
Section 1367(c)(3), however, provides that “[t]he district courts may decline to exercise supplemental jurisdiction over a claim under subsection (a) if ... the district court has dismissed all claims over which it has original jurisdiction.” 28 U.S.C.
§ 5103A(a)(l), “imposes an open-ended obligation on the [Department] to provide a medical examination or opinion upon demand.” Beasley v. Shinseki, 709 F.3d 1154, 1159 (Fed.Cir.2013).
While the court must as part of the analysis consider the type and range of sentence recommended by the guidelines, it “may not perfunctorily impose a guidelines sentence or even presume that- such a sentence is appropriate in a given case.” United States v. Warner, 792 F.3d 847, 855 (7th Cir.
See Phillips, 581 F.3d at 1368 (holding that the casé was fully submitted prior to the veteran-claimant’s death where the veteran-claimant died two days after a JMR was filed with the Court and stating that “[wjhile the Veterans Court may elect to recall its mandate when it discovers that the veteran-claimant died before the issuance of the court’s judgment,” the proper course in a case such as Mr. Phillips’s, in which the case was fully submitted prior to the veteran-claimant’s death, and subject to his daughter being entitled to substitute for purposes of prosecuting her father’s EAJA claim, is for the court to issue its judgment nunc pro tunc as of the date of death).
It should come as no surprise that a legitimate policy directing law enforcement to arrest and detain individuals because of their suspected link to the attacks would produce a disparate, incidental impact on Arab Muslims, even though the purpose of the policy was to target neither Arabs nor Muslims.
Plaintiff is suing his union and other union members, but Plaintiffs defamation claim does not allege that his union -breached their duty of fair representation, nor does it otherwise appear to implicate any unfair labor practices as that term is defined under the CSRA.
To interpret the regulation as requiring Commerce to adjust benchmark prices only for delivery charges and import duties would render this mandate meaningless — the regulation, in such case, should instead state simply that “[Commerce] will adjust the comparison price ... [to] include delivery charges and import duties.” This interpretation, however, is to be avoided.
Contrary to' the plaintiff s position, see PL’s Reply at 12 (“After she was notified about [the District’s] newly discovered evidence, she sought leave to amend her Complaint ,., [and] the proposed amendments deliver on the Court’s request.” (internal quotation marks omitted)), she, ah the District notes, did not provide any “indication [that she sought] to amend [her Complaint] until oral arguments on [the 'District’s] motion for reconsideration,” Def.’s Opp’n at 3.
Specifically, we have jurisdiction “to review the [Veterans Court’s] decision whether to grant a mandamus petition that raises a non-frivolous legal question,” but cannot “review the factual merits of the veteran’s claim.” Beasley, 709 F.3d at 1158.
Section 1002(f) of the ARRA clearly establishes that FVECF payments are one-time payments, providing that “[t]he Secretary may not make more than one payment under this section for each eligible person.” Section 5121 therefore does not apply to FVECF payments and cannot provide a basis for Be-nedicto’s substitution.
Moreover, the Court will issue a standard jury instruction cautioning jurors that they must, view the testimony of a cooperating witness with particular caution and great care in deciding whether and how much (if any) of a cooperating witness’s testimony to believe.
To establish that it is a “prevailing party,” an EAJA applicant “must show that it obtained an enforceable judgment on the merits or a court-ordered consent decree that materially altered the legal relationship between the parties, or the equivalent of either of those.” Rice Servs., Ltd. v. United States, 405 F.3d 1017, 1025 (Fed.Cir.2005).
In 1993, when the VA took into account the newly discovered service record — Mr. Blu-baugh’s DA Form 20 — it again denied his claim because he had not been diagnosed with PTSD, noting that the record also lacked evidence of a definitive confirmable stressor.
The term “systemic therapy such as corticosteroids or other immunosuppressive drugs,” that is contained in certain DCs under 38 CFR 4.118, refers to any oral or parenteral medication(s) prescribed by a medical professional to treat the underlying skin disorder.
2007) (“Congress recognized that [incarcerated] veterans were receiving benefits that were not offset to account for expenses, such as room and board, that were provided by the prisons.”); Wanless v. Shinseki 23 Vet.App.
The examiner noted the job limitations that had been placed on Mr. Peder-son when he was employed at USPS, but also that Mr. Pederson reported that he was able to stand for 5 to 10 minutes at a time and was able to walk short distances, and that he had no limitations on driving or sitting.
It may well be, as the Secretary argues here, that the Veterans Court’s use of “or” in its opinions is “casual[].” The importance of § 3.312(c)(1) is clear from the large number of cases in the Veterans Court that implicate it.
See Ala. Code § 8 — 9A—1(4) (defining ■ "creditor” as "a person who has a claim’’); Ala. Code § 8-9A-l(6) (defining "debtor” as "a person who is liable on a claim”).
from registration with the CFTC in any capacity, and engaging in any activity requiring such registration or exemption from registration with the CFTC, except as provided for in Regulation 4.14(a)(9), 17 C.F.R. '
In light of this clause, “a serious threat of liability may only be found to exist if the plaintiff pleads a non-exculpated claim against the directors based on particularized facts.” Wood, 953 A.2d at 141 (internal quotation marks omitted; emphasis in original).
“Deference to an agency’s interpretation of its own regulations is broader than deference to the agency’s construction of a statute, because in the latter case the agency is addressing Congress’s intentions, while in the former it is addressing its own.” Cathedral Candle Co. v. U.S. Int’l Trade Comm’n, 400 F.3d 1352, 1363-64 (Fed.Cir.2005).
In 2006, following various challenges to the Board resulting in numerous remands to the Department of Veterans Affairs (“VA”) Regional Office (“RO”) and subsequent determinations, the Board denied service-connected disability compensation for most of those claims, including the claims for a knee disability, lung spots, PTSD, and substance abuse.
Based on the foregoing, the Court concludes that, in accordance with VA’s veteran-friendly system and Congress’s endorsement of VA’s policy to allow claimants to collaterally attack otherwise final decisions by the Secretary, see 38 U.S.C.
Specifically, as directed in § 3.500, the effective date “will be the earliest of the dates stated in these paragraphs unless otherwise provided.” As discussed above, both § 3.500(b)(1) and § 3.660 are applicable here, and the Board did not discuss § 3.660 or section 5112(A)(4).
We have jurisdiction to review decisions of the Veterans Court “with respect to the validity of a decision of the Court on a rule of law or of any statute or regulation ... or any interpretation thereof (other than a determination as to a factual matter) that was relied on by the Court in making the decision.” 38 U.S.C.
In view of the months of litigation between the parties over the course of the foreclosure proceeding, a mere drafting error in two paragraphs of a motion cannot be - expected to give rise to an FDCPA claim when Na-tionstar opened its brief with, its mention of “Plaintiffs predecessor,” Bank of America.
Because, absent substitution, claims for disability compensation under chapter 11 of title 38 of the U.S.Code do not survive a veteran, when a veteran dies while appealing a Board decision to the Court, there no longer remains a case or controversy and the Court must dismiss the appeal.
In affirming the Board’s denial of an increased disability rating for Mr. Delisle, the Veterans Court considered the specific symptoms identified by Mr. Delisle and concluded that the Board properly rated such symptoms under DCs other than 5257, including DC 5003.
Third, the “proximate cause” of the disability must be negligence “or similar instance of fault on the part of [VA]” or “an event not reasonably foreseeable.” § 1151(a)(1)(A)-(B).
To the extent the Secretary relied on this report at oral argument, the general and inconclusive nature of the report falls short of the Secretary’s assertion that the report specifically “confirmed” that there was no likelihood of exposure to herbicides in Da Nang Harbor.
at 313-14; see Bustos v. West, 179 F.3d 1378, 1380 (Fed.Cir.1999) (expressly adopting “manifestly changed the outcome” language in Russell); see also King v. Shinseki, 26 Vet.App.
Notably, the Board stated that “the [VA examinations], the December 2009 private opinion, and the October 2012 opinion from the Director [], the most probative and complete medical evidence, reflect that the veteran’s service-connected disabilities did not preclude him obtaining non-strenuous or sedentary employment.” R. at 13 (emphasis added).
§ 7252(b) (“The Court may not review the schedule of ratings for disabilities ... or any action of the Secretary in adopting or revising that schedule.”); see also Wingard, 779 F.3d at 1356-57 (discussing this Court’s inability to review the schedule of ratings for disabilities).
Thus, a claimant with severe bilateral flatfeet would be entitled to a single 30% rating under DC 5276, while a claimant with severe bilateral foot injuries would be entitled to separate 30% disability ratings for each foot under DC 5284.
However, this does not, as the government contends, compel the conclusion that a veteran must be subjected to all possible medical testing available and then “diagnosed” with an “undiagnosed illness” after all possible medical conditions have been ruled out.
With respect to the ABCMR’s decision to grant Ms. Haynes an annuity as a “former spouse,” the Board determined that “[recognition as a ‘former spouse’ does not relate to an unestablished fact necessary to substantiate the claim, namely, that the Appellant was married to the Veteran at the time of the Veteran’s death.”
Specifically, § 3.10(f)(3) defines “entitled to receive” as used in § 1311(a)(2) to mean “that the veteran filed a claim for disability compensation during his or her lifetime-and” either: (1) “would have received total disability compensation for [the eight years prior to death] but for [CUE] ... in a decision on a claim filed during the veteran’s lifetime;” or (2) “service department records ... provide[ ] a basis for reopening a claim finally decided during the veteran’s lifetime” and retroactively awarding a total disability rating for the eight years prior to death.
We also note1 that, not only did the Board not address this evidence, but it appears that the Board did not even obtain the evidence referenced in the October 2012 letter because the record of proceedings does not contain Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment Center records covering the period addressed in that letter.
The Veterans Court concluded that “Rule 35(e) of [its] Rules of Practice and Procedure requires that a motion for reconsideration state ‘the points of law or fact that the party believes the Court has overlooked or misunderstood.’ ” Order at 1.
Mr. Lee argues that the VA overlooked: medical records from 1977 indicating Mr. Lee’s PTSD-like symptoms; a newspaper article, published in 1980, that described Mr. Lee’s struggle with PTSD; records from meetings held at the St. Paul Veteran’s Center; work related problems; and various private medical records.
§§ 2Dl.l(b)(17) and 5C1.2 (“safety valve”) because defendant provided complete and truthful information pertaining to the instant offense; and three points pursuant to U.S.S.G.
2016) (describing Bascom as distinguishing “ineligible abstract-idea-based solutions implemented with generic technical component in a conventional way” from “eligible technology-based solution[s] and software-based invention[s] that improve the performance of the computer system itself’) (internal quotation marks and brackets omitted); Synopsys, Inc. v. Mentor Graphics Corp., 839 F.3d 1138, 1152 (Fed.
Recognizing that resolution of the notice issue “requires making determinations in the first instance that are fact based, evidentiary, and potentially not based on the record before the Board,” the Veterans Court exercised its discretion to remand the matter for consideration by the Board in the first instance.
While we recognize the importance of making such petitions available to pro se litigants, “[i]t is vital that the right to file informa pauperis not be incumbered by those who would abuse the integrity of our process by frivolous filings.” Zatko v. California, 502 U.S. 16, 112 S.Ct.
If there had not been a White House backlog, the Office of Administration (OA) would have received the ease mail from the Office of the Executive Secretariat (ExecSec) and OA would have entered the letter into VAIQ and assigned it for a response to the appropriate Administration or Staff office (e.g., VBA), and “[o]nee complete, the record is closed in VAIQ.” Because of the backlog, the altered procedure required VBA to enter the mail into VAIQ.
See Jones, 570 F.2d at 769 (holding that evidence of other prescriptions was subject to exclusion when used as Rule 404(b) evidence where it was so extensive that “the Government spent more time in its case-in-chief dealing with alleged wrongful conduct not covered by the indictment than it spent dealing with the incidents for which [the defendant] was charged.”).
During an August 2009 hearing, Mr. Thompson testified that he was assigned to the 833rd Ordnance Company in Korea as a quartermaster, where his responsibilities included deliver ing supplies to the First and Seventh Infantry Divisions near the DMZ.
]’ ” Zegarra v. John Crane, Inc., 218 F.Supp.3d 655, 665-66 (N.D. Ill. 2016) (quoting Ortiz, 834 F.3d at 765); see also Pilditch, 3 F.3d at 1117 (noting that when the,.plaintiff moves past the McDonnell Douglas prima facie case, the formula essentially ' disappears -and he “must also prove that the true reason for his firing was discriminatory”).- The Court weighs whether his evidence would cause “a reasonable factfinder to determine” that his termination was attributable, to his age.
As for Mr. Keel’s claim that he was granted extraordinary relief by the Veterans Court but that his relief was improperly taken away from him, that claim, besides being wholly unsupported by any evidence, is also a factual contention that is outside our jurisdiction to review.
Laverne Washington appeals pro se the final decision of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims (“Veterans Court”) affirming a determination by the Board of Veterans Appeals (“Board”) denying Mr. Washington’s claim for disability compensation for fibromyalgia.
§ 7292(a), the court may review “the validity of a decision of the [Veterans] Court on a rule of law or of any statute or regulation ... or any interpretation thereof (other than a determination as to a factual matter) that was relied on by the [Veterans] Court in making the decision.” Unless the case presents a constitutional issue, the court may not review “a challenge to a factual determination,” or “a challenge to a law or regulation as applied to the facts of a particular case.” 38 U.S.C.
On appeal, the theory underlying Mr. Hunt’s mandamus petition remains the same: but for the failure of the agency to issue a SOC after receipt of the December 21,1977 NOD, he could have perfected his appeal to the BVA.
514, 516 (Fed.Cir.2010) (stating that the petitioner’s constitutional arguments “do not relate to the Veterans Court’s decision denying the petition for a writ of mandamus, the only decision before us for review, but rather to the procedures established by statute and regulation for adjudicating claims at the RO and the Board.
He explained that based on the “deference due to an agency in its interpretation of its own regulations, [he] reluctantly concluded] that the Secretary has presented a plausible, even though strained, alternative reading of § 3.321(b)(1) that warrants an affirmance of the Board’s decision.” Id.
(1) when there is evidence “to establish that an intercurrent injury or disease which is a recognized cause of [the chronic disease for which service connection is sought] has been suffered between the date of separation from ' service and the onset of any such disease[ ]”; or (2) when there is other “affirmative evidence to the contrary [of the presumption of service connection]”, within the meaning of section 1113(a) and § 3.307(d) that “would ... support a conclusion that the disease was not incurred in service.”
Based on discovery to date, State Farm contends that it has reason to believe that defendant, Amale Bazzi owns and/or controls Get Well, and therefore has been unfairly enriched from the payment of fraudulent transportation claims submitted in favor of Get Well.
§ 2B3.1(a), added 5 levels because a co-defendant brandished a firearm, §• 2B3.1(b)(2)(C), 2 levels because store employees were “restrained” during the robbery, § 2B3.1(b)(4)(B), and 1 level based on the value of the merchandise stolen, § 2B3.1(b)(7)(B).
In an argument made for the first time in their sur-reply brief, plaintiffs argue that because defendants denied the validity of the warrants in their motion to dismiss, they cannot rely on the warrants' incorporation of the jury waiver provision in the instant motion.
This discovery dispute presents a close question, and one that is made somewhat more difficult to resolve because although Pennsylvania law recognizes the common-interest privilege that Wyoming Valley has asserted, Pennsylvania courts have provided very limited guidance in terms of the privilege’s application.
The court considered Mr. Toomer’s rebuttal evidence (i.e., that he informed the VA in July 2009 that he had not received the Board Decision and the VA had mailed him an unsigned, hand-dated Board Decision in August 2009), but found his “assertion of nonreceipt in July does not alone rise to the level of clear evidence.” Id.
Mr. Nohr primarily argues that the Board, violated his Fifth Amendment due process rights when it denied him a meaningful opportunity to participate in the development of his claim by refusing to allow him to question Dr. Feng and preventing him from obtaining information necessary to effectively respond to Dr. Feng’s unfavorable medical opinion.
]” People v. Scission, 60 A.D.3d at 1392, 875 N.Y.S.2d 384 (citing People v. Gray, 86 N.Y.2d 10, 19, 629 N.Y.S.2d 173, 652 N.E.2d 919 (N.Y.1995)).
As the photograph’s caption stresses, any additional variations “are only limited to your imagination.” Since the caption does not discourage a person of ordinary skill in the art from forming convex-shaped carpet-tile area rugs, Plaintiffs teaching-away argument fails.
Nevertheless, the court held that under the relevant Bankruptcy code, Delco Oil had no authority to transfer the cash collateral to a Marathon and that prior to the transfer, CapitalSource had a security interest in Delco Oil’s deposit account funds as proceeds of its secured collateral.
The Court will not exclude Huitink’s testimony based on the belt configuration issue becáuse there is a factual dispute regarding whether the belt was reconfigured and moreover, the experts disagree on whether any reconfiguration materially affected McRunnel’s injury.
Burnett told MetLife that, while he didn’t want to come across as suicidal, if he “didn’t wake up, it would be okay.” Burnett informed MetLife of his daily crying spells, trouble sleeping, significant weight loss in the previous year, impaired focus and concentration, difficulty being around people, and overwhelming depression and anxiety.
Intellivision’s “core inventions” related to what is known as “digital video recording” (“DVR”) or “personal video recording” (“PVR”), technology that, among other things, allows viewers to pause, record, and rewind live television.
The doctrine of res judicata provides that “a final judgment on the merits of an action precludes the parties or their privies from relitigating issues that were or could have been raised in that action.” Allen v. McCurry, 449 U.S. 90, 94, 101 S.Ct.
The Supreme Court has defined the “public official” designation as applying “to those among the hierarchy of government employees who have, or appear to the public to have, substantial responsibility or control over the conduct of governmental affairs.” Rosenblatt v. Baer, 383 U.S. 75, 85, 86 S.Ct.
Gerova’s only evidence in support of its position that the Marseilles has not shown that it delivered the stock power is the Affidavit of Michael Hlavsa [DE 30-4] (“Hlavsa Affidavit”), Gerova’s Chief Financial Officer.
Plaintiffs rely on the Sixth Circuit’s decision in Perry v. P*I*E Nationwide, Inc., for the proposition that there is no ERISA preemption of state common law fraud claims because ERISA does not provide a remedy for fraudulent inducement to join an ESOP.
Instead, it shows that “the expenses and costs for the derailment were not exclusively assigned to BNSF operations in South Dakota,” but were instead “absorbed by BNSF as a whole, instead of impacting BNSF operating budgets on a local or statewide basis.” (Pl.’s Index, Ex.
Plaintiff alleges that Defendants’ actions violate the ADA and the Rehab Act and their implementing regulations, which require that state services and programs, including Medicaid, be administered “ ‘in the most integrated setting appropriate’ to the needs of the individual with disabilities.” (Doc.
First, Falso must establish a prima facie case of discrimination by demonstrating: (1) membership in a protected class; (2) satisfactory job performance; and (3) an adverse employment action, occurring under (4) circumstances giving rise to an inference of discrimination.
Plaintiff alleges that: 1) she is eligible for a loan modification under the federal Home Affordable Modification Program (“HAMP”), 2) Ocwen is obligated to follow HAMP guidelines, including evaluating a homeowner’s loan modification application within 30 days of receipt, because it has a mortgage-servicing contract with the United States Department of Treasury and 3) Ocwen’s failure to evaluate her completed application for HAMP constitutes an unfair and deceptive practice in violation of Chapter 93A.
The Court held that the Grokster defendants “induced” copyright infringement by distributing a device with the “object of promoting its use to infringe copyright, as shown by a clear expression or other affirmative steps taken to foster infringement.” Grokster, 545 U.S. at 936-37, 125 S.Ct.
So long as the right transferred is exclusive, the transferee is considered the ‘copyright owner’ of that right.” Patry § 5:123 (emphasis added) (citing, inter alia, Video-Cinema Films, Inc. v. Lloyd E. Rigler-Laurrence E. Deutsch Found., No.
At oral argument, defense counsel argued that the dates cited in the Superseding Indictment — dates that roughly encompass the defendant's departure from Virginia through his arrest in Canada — charged a violation of SORNA for leaving Virginia and moving to Canada, rather than a violation of leaving Virginia and moving to Wyoming.
The Order further directed National Union to provide a statement to the Panel outlining “all outstanding workers compensation claims” and “all monies held ... on behalf of [On Time]” within 30 days of On Time’s posting of pre-hearing security.
“Since the constitutional right to jury trial is at stake,” judges must engage in a “paper-intensive and often tedious” process to “assiduously avoid deciding disputed facts or inferences” in a quest to determine whether a record contains genuine factual disputes that necessitate a trial.
“It cannot be said [however] that an agency improperly withheld records if the agency did not receive a request for those records.” Banks v. Department of Justice, 538 F.Supp.2d 228, 234 (D.D.C.2008).
A 130-day estimate, for example, would be a true estimate and approximation, as the actual minimum time for a Sheriff’s sale to occur varies a bit from month to month, but 130 days was roughly the earliest possible timeline in 2013.
Under this analysis, courts “inquire whether Congress has ‘clearly state[d]’ that the rule is jurisdictional,” and “absent such a clear statement, ... ‘courts should treat the restriction as nonjurisdictional in character.’ ” Id.
That is, if a plaintiffs civil rights claim is “inextricably linked” to a civil rights violation as defined in the Human Rights Act “such that there ⅛ no independent basis for imposing liability apart from the Act itself,” then that claim “must be litigated before the Commission — and only before the Commission.” Maksimovic v. Tsogalis, 177 Ill.2d 511, 227 Ill.Dec.
In response to the CP Defendants’ argument that, for this same reason, Plaintiffs lack statutory standing to pursue the UCL claim, Plaintiffs argue they “need not have purchased every product covered by the class,” and that they have standing to assert this claim “regardless of the branding.” (Dkt.
In so holding, American Licorice acknowledged that “[t]he parties d[id] .not cite, nor could the Court find, legal authority that decides the priority between a forum selection clause and a Rule 14 im-pleader claim.” Ibid.
As part of his failure to promote claim, Officer Sampson contends that he is qualified for a promotion and applied for a promotion to Sergeant based on his 2012 and 2013 examination scores, but that the department instead hired or promoted individuals who were not members of a protected group who were similarly qualified to or less -qualified than Officer Sampson.
See, e.g., Waker v. Brown, 754 F.Supp.2d 62, 64-65 (D.D.C.2010) (substituting the District of Columbia for defendants sued in their official capacities although the plaintiff had served the Mayor of the District of Columbia but not the Attorney General for the District of Columbia); Bennett v. Henderson, Civil Action No.
Section 3282(a) states that "[ejxcept as otherwise expressly provided by law, no person shall be prosecuted, tried, or punished for any offense, not capital, unless the indictment is found ... within five years next after such offense sháll have been committed.”
This is an odd argument because, if, as the State maintains, Indiana’s voting regulations already make illegal certain vote-buying activities, including compiling photos of voters’ ballots in a scrapbook, one wonders why the enactment of Ind.
The magistrate judge issued a Report and Recommendation (“R & R”), recommending that the Court deny defendant’s motion to suppress because the Puerto Rico Police Department (“PRPD”) had reasonable suspicion to stop Rivas-Castro and probable cause to arrest him.
Penal Code § 1370; In re Loveton, 244 Cal.App.4th 1025, 1029-30, 198 Cal.Rptr.3d 514 (2016) (describing statutory scheme); People v. Brewer, 235 Cal.App.4th 122, 129-32, 185 Cal.Rptr.3d 104 (2015) (same); see also DeMontiney v. Desert Manor Convalescent Ctr., Inc., 144 Ariz. 6, 9, 695 P.2d 255 (1985) (turning, to the state statute governing contracts between county jails and healthcare providers to determine the scope of the duty to provide adequate medical care to a detainee).
In the instant matter, he complains that former BOP Director Charles E. Samuels, Jr., and Acting BOP Director Thomas Kane “ha[ve] refused to honor and lodge ... corrected records ... causing Plaintiff to suffer irregular housing and custody status in the FBOP [Federal Bureau of Prisons].” Compl.
Defendants assert that plaintiffs improperly named Collier and Berger in their individual capacities because, pursuant to the GTCA, defendants can only be named in their individual capacity if their alleged tort actions are committed outside the scope of their employment, and plaintiffs have failed to sufficiently allege that Collier and Berger acted outside the scope of their employment.
Without specific argument by Plaintiffs to the contrary, the court cannot find any basis to conclude that Vermont law creates a tort duty owed to licensees by agents of the Department of Liquor Control (who are law enforcement officers by statute, see 7 V.S.A.
The rights and claims of Employee covered by this Section 8, including the arbitration provisions below, include Employee’s rights or claims for damages as well as reasonable costs and attorneys’ fees, caused by Employer’s violation of any provision of this Agreement or any law, regulation or public policy.
418, 910 N.E.2d 339, 350 (2009), eliminates the possibility that a defendant could be convicted of the subject crime merely by committing an attempted or threatened “offensive touching.” See United States v. Martinez, 762 F.3d 127, 138 (1st Cir.
To establish a “pattern of racketeering activity” a plaintiff must show “at least two predicate acts of racketeering that are related and amount to or pose a threat of continued criminal activity.” Tel-Phonic Servs., Inc. v. TBS Int'l, Inc., 975 F.2d 1134, 1139-40 (5th Cir.
2364, 129 L.Ed.2d 383 (1994), which held that a criminal defendant may not recover civil damages' for “harm caused by actions whose unlawfulness[, if established,] would render [his] conviction or sentence invalid,” id.
For instance, “the possibility of [consumer] deception in hypothetical cases is not sufficient to rebut the constitutional presumption favoring disclosure over concealment.” Peel v. Attorney Registration & Disciplinary Comm’n of Illinois, 496 U.S. 91, 111, 110 S.Ct.
As the Seventh Circuit has noted, an arrangement labeled a "lease” could nonetheless be crafted such that it "might, by its terms, come under the terms of the ECOA.” Laramore, 397 F.3d at 547 n.2.
In support of their denial of pretrial release claim, plaintiffs allege that, even when a court nominally sets bail, Dallas County does not allow an opportunity for pretrial release because if a detainee with an ICE detainer posts bail, Dallas County either continues to hold the detainee for transfer to ICE or asks the District Attorney to petition the court to find that the amount of bail is insufficient.
EB Books, Inc., EB Design, Inc., EB Online, Inc., EB Imports, Inc., Lazdar Inc., El-dar Brodski Inc., Y Capital Advisors Inc., Valley West Realty Inc., Ruben' Brodski, Ru- .
Because the Court concludes that a VICAR murder is a crime of violence under § 924(c)’s force clause, § 924(c)(3)(A), Umaña’s motion to hold this action in abeyance shall be denied.
The Supreme Court swiftly rejected federal jurisdiction over the California tax code claim, because “California law establishes a set of conditions, without reference to federal law, under which a tax levy may be enforced,” and “federal law becomes relevant only by way of a defense to an obligation created entirely by state law,” the precise situation for which the well-pleaded complaint rule was created.
“In making a proper RFC determination, the ALJ must consider all of the relevant evidence in the record, even limitations that are not severe, and may not dismiss a line of evidence contrary to the ruling.” Murphy v. Colvin, 759 F.3d 811, 817 (7th Cir.
Even to any extent that the Supreme Court’s decision in Garcetti v. Ceballos may have shed new light on First Amendment retaliation, it did so in 2006, which predates the earliest actions in this case by two years.
§ 1983 for “failfing] to effectively train, supervise discipline, and control the per sonnel it employs in the District of Columbia Taxicab Commission” regarding the statutory and constitutional laws that the MTS Regulation and the Dome Light Regulation allegedly violated.
The ALJ found that the evidence of plaintiffs obesity, asthma, and sarcoidosis “supports a finding that [plaintiffs] severe impairments limit her to sedentary work,” further limited by lifting and carrying of “up to 10 pounds occasionally; never climb, must avoid exposure to hazards and avoid exposure to temperature extremes and pollen.” (AR 19.)
As we have noted, Plaintiff does not dispute that he agreed to reimburse the Plan for the amounts it overpaid due to his concurrent receipt of any social security benefits; neither does Plaintiff dispute that he has been overpaid by $23,709.33.
Nevertheless, Phillips maintains that it has a proprietary interest in the pipeline based on the Service and Operating Agreements, which provide Phillips the sole right of use of the pipeline and requires Phillips reimburse Plains for Plains’ obligatory repair and maintenance of the pipeline.
The court, however, held that the fraud-on-the-FDA rebuttal was preempted by the statutory scheme employed by the federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, granted Novartis’s motion for partial summary judgment, and dismissed Massey’s failure-to-warn claims.
If “the [C]ourt finds that the plaintiff ][has] failed to allege all the material elements of [his] cause of action,” then the Court may dismiss the complaint without prejudice, Taylor v. FDIC, 132 F.3d 753, 761 (D.C.Cir.1997), or with prejudice, provided that the Court “determines that the allegation of other facts consistent with the challenged pleading could not possibly cure the deficiency,” Firestone v. Firestone, 76 F.3d 1205, 1209 (D.C.Cir.1996) (internal quotation marks and citations omitted).
Any and all records indicating an order, direction or suggestion that the issuance of regulations, the announcements of regulations and/or public comment of regulations should be slowed or delayed until after November 2012 or the presidential elections of 2012.” Letter from Mark R. Levin, President, Landmark Legal Found., to Nat'l Freedom of Info.
“Equitable estoppel requires active steps amounting ‘to a deliberate design by the employer or actions that the employer should unmistakably have understood would cause the employee to delay filing his charge, ... such as hiding evidence or promising not to rely on a statute of limitations defense.’ ” Chennareddy v. Dodaro, 698 F.Supp.2d 1, 19 (D.D.C.2009) (quoting Hedrich v. Bd.
In reaching its decision, the court held that “CUMIS’s argument” that the definition of “servicing contractor” excluded coverage under Coverage A for CU National’s fraud was “unavailing because it ignores that the dishonesty was within the scope of a performed duty: but for the covered activity of collecting and recording loans, the fraud could not have been originated, perpetrated, nor concealed.” Id.
In a footnote in my summary judgment Opinion and Order, I stated that generally, under New York law, “‘[a]n omission does not constitute fraud unless there is a fiduciary relationship between the parties.’ ” That statement does not, however, foreclose the possibility that Morgan Stanley might be liable in negligent misrepresentation for its breach of a potential duty to disclose.
Moreover, there was testimony that defendant’s ex-wife may have believed that some of her initial participation was legal, and “[s]he only gradually become a joint participant, in the sense that she knowingly aided and abetted the conspiracy.” Id.
“Although the case was decided in the specific context of a Chapter 7 bankruptcy case wherein a creditor sought to avoid a fraud ulent transfer, the Sixth Circuit in Hyundai Translead relied upon principles generally applicable to Chapter 13 debtors and lien avoidance under 11 U.S.C.
The only issue from this opinion relevant to the Court’s analysis is the Eighth Circuit's determination that "ignor[ing] what occurred in Walker's life after 2004 would be inconsistent with the first prong of the totality-of-circumstances test, which instructs a factfinding court to consider ‘the debtor's past, present, and reasonably reliable future circumstances.
“The mootness doctrine, as applied in a bankruptcy proceeding, permits the courts to dismiss an appeal based on its lack of power to rescind certain transactions.” In re Holywell Corp., 911 F.2d 1589, 1543 (11th Cir.1990), rev’d on other grounds, Holywell Corp. v. Smith, 503 U.S. 47, 112 S.Ct.
The Complaint includes a statement that through the alleged illegal activity, the Factors sought to “(1) minimize their risks and costs of doing business with garment manufacturers and their customers; (2) maintain and stabilize pricing structures for factoring services; and (3) stabilize their respective market shares.” (Compl.
Furthermore, Plaintiffs motion to file out of time violates yet another of this Court’s rules, LCvR 7(m), which requires a party filing a nondispositive motion to confer with opposing counsel and include a statement in the motions indicating whether the motion is opposed.
Similarly, the exclusionary rule cases require that a plaintiff prove that the harm to which he or she points was proximately caused by an officer’s unconstitutional acts — plaintiffs are not freed from the burden of proving causation because the encounter begins with an unconstitutional act.
At docket 14, defendant United Services Automobile Association (“USAA”) moves pursuant to Federal Rules 12(b)(1), 12(b)(6), and 12(h)(3) to dismiss for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, for failure to state a claim, and, in the alternative, for a more definite statement.
Martinez’s Health Screen form does not mention any injuries; instead the form reflects that Martinez denied having any “current painful condition” and did not mention any head injuries as “current medical conditions.” The only reference to any sort of current discomfort was Martinez’s affirmative response stating he had pain in his teeth or mouth.
Accordingly, the Court will overrule plaintiffs Objections/Response (ECF 19), adopt Magistrate Judge Gauvey’s Report and Recommendations (ECF 17), and deny, without prejudice, plaintiffs motion for entry of default judgment (ECF ll).
The defendant contends that the wrongful death settlement award covered all the costs of the plaintiffs mother’s hospitalization, as it “did not release only the claim for [medical] services provided to treat his mother’s fractured shoulder” but also released the plaintiffs mother’s landlord for damages associated with “the post-fall complications and his mother’s death.” Id.
49 at 118) Aired testified in deposition that Anderson also began imposing burdensome requirements on her — specifically, that she call him every morning to detail her plans for the day, that she call him after each sales call, and that she prepare additional reports — that he did not require of other sales representatives.
The parties reached a Settlement Agreement on June 23, 1989, which provided that: (1) the defendants would remove the prohibition against incoming postage stamps; (2) an inmate’s possession of postage stamps would be limited to 40; (3) an inmate’s possession of more than 40 postage stamps would be treated as possessing “contraband”; and (4) inmates would not be permitted to buy a single stamp on credit unless indigent.
(I) “[t]he defendant acted with the intent of interfering with the use and enjoyment of the land by those entitled to that use,” with intent meaning only that “the defendant has created or continued the condition causing the interference with full knowledge that the harm to the plaintiffs interests are occurring or are substantially certain to follow”; (2) there was some interference of the kind intended; (3) the interference was substantial such that it caused a reduction in the value of the land; and (4) the interference “was of such a nature, duration or amount as to constitute unreasonable interference with the use and enjoyment of the land.”
If such discharge is unattainable, the Undersigned will, if requested by Surety, either deposit collateral with Surety, acceptable to Surety, sufficient to cover all exposure under such bond or bonds, or make provisions acceptable to Surety for the funding of the bonded obligation(s).
Consequently, qualified immunity attaches when the government actor’s conduct “does not violate clearly established statutory or constitutional rights of which a reasonable person would have known.” Harlow v. Fitzgerald, 457 U.S. 800, 818, 102 S.Ct.
In the original complaint, CFIT did not identify its purported members by name, but alleged that “[mjembers of CFIT include certain Internet domain name registrars, registrants, back order services providers, and other Internet stakeholders.” Compl.
It is therefore well within the Commission’s discretion to award preferences for fair distribution in a manner that provides an incentive for applicants to expand service to sparsely populated areas even though it will occasionally result in the Commission awarding an NCE license to an applicant that will provide second NCE service to fewer people than would a competing applicant.
Because by withholding the polygraphs (Warner and Zayas), interfering with the charging process to shield Murray’s credibility from attack (Souk), lying to the court and counsel about the evidence (Souk), misleading the jury (Souk), and presenting a false and deceptive closing argument (Souk), the defendants and Souk reveal a single plan to deflect the jury’s attention away from Murray and Gates.
Brooks named as defendants various MDOC agency heads; the director of psychological services at MCF-Faribault, Douglas Panser; the director of the New Dimensions Chemical Dependency Program (through which Brooks was receiving his treatment), James Schaffer; and various John/Jane Does.
With respect to Plaintiffs Title VII hostile work environment claims, this Court may consider the entire scope of alleged unlawful behavior, including behavior outside the 45-day time period, provided that all acts which constitute the claim are part of the same unlawful employment practice and at least one act falls within the time period.
As RLI points out, the Amendatory Endorsement altered the original RLI Policy language, which provided that “this insurance is void if you intentionally conceal or misrepresent any material fact or circumstance relating to this insurance at any time.” Policy 7, ECF No.
See United States v. Schales, 546 F.3d 965, 977-81 (9th Cir.2008); United States v. Giberson, 527 F.3d 882, 891 (9th Cir.2008); Davenport, 519 F.3d at 943-48.
§ 504(a)(1), but the NTSB denied fee-shifting on the grounds that Petitioner failed to show that he had “incurred” the fees associated with his legal defense in the license suspension proceedings, as required for an EAJA recovery.
Regarding the last point, the court pointed to § 980.07(6m), which states that “[i]f a person committed under § 980.06 is incarcerated at a county jail, state correctional institution, or federal correction institution for a new criminal charge or conviction or because his or her parole was revoked, any reporting requirement ... does not apply during the incarceration period.” Id.
In rejecting the defendant’s argument, we reasoned, “[i]n the present case, the base offense level punishes Battaglia for distribution regardless of whether he had an .expectation of receiving an image in return, whereas the enhancement punishes him for trading or attempting to trade.
Our conclusion in United States v. Murphy, 768 F.2d 1518, 1535 (7th Cir.1985), that conferences held in chambers need not be transcribed does not suggest that it is sound practice for a judge to keep his reasoning.
Section 212(h)(1)(B) provides that the Attorney General may, in his discretion, waive a bar on admissibility based on § 212(a)(2)(A)(i)(I) if removal would “result in extreme hardship to the United States citizen or lawfully resident spouse, parent, son, or daughter of such alien.” Id.
A few days later, Flora filed the present action, alleging that he had been terminated from his position as Chief Public Defender in retaliation for his efforts to secure funding for the Office of the Public Defender and for reporting the County’s noncompliance with the Pennsylvania Supreme Court’s expungement order.
See Automated Datatron, Inc. v. Woodcock, 659 F.2d 1168, 1170 (D.C.Cir.1981) (“[I]t was not an abuse of discretion to rule that two weeks short of trial was too late [to take certain action] ... when the court had directed the litigant to take that action half a year earlier.”); Lee v. Max Int’l, LLC, 638 F.3d 1318, 1321 (10th Cir.2011) (“[T]hree strikes are more than enough to allow the district court to call a litigant out.”)- Accordingly, the second Shea factor also weighs in favor of the district court’s decision.
In his interview with the state investigator, Officer Smith said that Skol told him that “there was a lot [of] talk and harassing words between the three inmates in the back cage.” Although Smith’s later declaration — prepared in the course of this litigation — describes his pri- or statement as “ambiguous” and says that it should not be interpreted to mean that Skol heard the harassing talk in real time, a reasonable jury could think otherwise.
Niehaus also directed the employee to notarize two letters prepared by Niehaus, gifting to her and her husband, Paul Nie-haus, $220,000 from D.C. and J.C.’s USB account and $500,000 from a Benchmark Bank account.
An ADA plaintiff “can establish standing to sue for injunctive relief either by demonstrating deterrence, or by demonstrating injury-in-fact coupled with an intent to return to a noncompliant facility.” Chapman v. Pier 1 Imports (U.S.) Inc., 631 F.3d 939, 944 (9th Cir.2011).
Muhammad sued the Illinois agency, two of its employees, and the former governor of Illinois, demanding that his passport be issued and contending that the defendants had violated his rights to due process, to travel, and to free exercise of his religion.
In this adversary proceeding filed in the Chapter 7 involuntary bankruptcy case of debtor Mamtek US, Inc., Bruce Cole and Nanette Cole appeal after the bankruptcy court granted the trustee’s motion for summary judgment on claims seeking to avoid certain fraudulent and preferential transfers, and the district court adopted the bankruptcy court’s findings and conclusions, and independently granted the trustee’s motion.
Sentencing Guidelines Manual (“USSG”) § 2Dl.l(b)(l) (2013); his supervisory role based on his recruiting two persons and directing their activities, USSG § 3Bl.l(c); and maintaining a premises for the purpose of drug trafficking, USSG § 2D1.1(b)(12).
Luis Miguel Ordez-Leyya, a native and citizen of Mexico, petitions for review of the Board of Immigration Appeals’ (“BIA”) order dismissing his appeal from an immigration judge’s (“IJ”) decision denying his application for asylum, withholding of removal, and protection under the Convention Against Torture (“CAT”).
Counsel points out that the only argument Defendant could make in challenge to his sentence is that the district court erroneously considered the seriousness of the underlying offense of conviction, namely carrying and using firearms during and in relation to a drug trafficking crime, pursuant to § 3553(a)(2)(A).
Our predecessor court has explained in binding precedent that “[a] statutory time period is not mandatory unless it both expressly requires an agency or public official to act within a particular time period and specifies a consequence for failure to comply with the provision.” Fort Worth Nat.
Indeed, Vernon argues, “it is unprecedented to claim that a Kansas corporation can be so controlled by one who does not own it, and who is not an officer of the corporation, that it becomes the ‘alter-ego’ of the non-owner.” Id.
Nor did the Army’s decision to purchase UH-72A Lakota helicopters for training under the option provisions of the 2006 Contract reflect a “cardinal change,” as Agus-taWestland argued, but failed to allege in the Supplemental Complaint.
And even if the district court had ignored the petitioners’ reference to Rule 23(g) and considered their motion for appointment of counsel before (and independently from) considering their motion for class certification, the request for counsel would have been properly denied because the petitioners gave no indication that they had made any effort to retain counsel themselves.
The next day, counsel reports, he received a telephone call from a district judge explaining that based on a presentation by the government, the judge had concluded that counsel had an unwaivable conflict of interest and directed the clerk to send counsel the aforementioned letter.
The evidence presented at trial established that White ordered the preparation of a check for $500,000 from the [HPT] Chase Bank account, which [he] ... knew had a balance of only $1,000.00 at the time of execution of the check.... White was aware that if he did not have the money in his payroll account by 3:30 p.m. that day, his employees would not be paid.
The government recommended a sentence of 216 months based on the vile nature of Allison’s criminal activity and his extensive criminal history, which included other “lewd and lascivious behavior.” Allison maintained the mandatory minimum 180 months — already significantly higher than the initial Guidelines range of 121 to 151 months — fully served the purposes of sentencing and would give Allison due credit for accepting responsibility.