The role of the CPSU in the former Soviet Union was defined in Article 6 of the Constitution of the USSR (1977). It was also defined in Article 6 of the Constitution of the Latvian SSR (1978). Two provisions were worded along identical lines. Those provisions stated:
The applicant was arrested and imprisoned between 4 February 1997 and 2 April 1997. On 6 March 1997 the temporary accusation was served on him.
On 25 June 1993 the applicant was charged with murder. The applicant had by then left the country. He was not notified of the decision.
The applicant complained before the Industrialnyy District Court of Barnaul. On 20 June 2000 the court found that the search had been unlawful. Nobody appealed against the judgment. It acquired legal force ten days later. On 8 May 2001 the Presidium of the Altay Regional Court denied the Prosecutor's application for supervisory review and upheld the decision of 20 June 2000.
Some lawsuits were brought by P.C. challenging the bankrupt estate's debts. On 19 December 1986 the judge permitted a lawyer to be instructed to act in the lawsuits.
The debtors requested for a stop of the enforcement proceedings.On 12 February 1999 the Commercial Court rejected the requests. On 17 September 1999, the High Commercial Court in Belgrade (Viši privredni sud u Beogradu) rejected the request.
The public prosecutor may also request at any time for the blamed to be released. The investigating judge shall decide within five days of such a request.”
An opportunity was given the applicant to conclude his claim in writing. By judgment of 28 January 1999 the Administrative Court of Appeal declined the applicant’s request for leave to appeal.
In 1992 the Federal Constitutional Court stated that the denial of the existence of gas chambers was an affirmation of facts which had been proven untrue. The Court also stated that this affirmation can be prohibited on account of their offending nature. In 1996 the Bavarian Court of Appeal confirmed that the denial of the existence of gas chambers was punishable under Section 189 of the Criminal Code.
Where the damage results from administrative actions ... the right to make a claim shall expire one year after the event giving rise to the claim for compensation.”
On 8 March 1995 the Fethiye Assize Court corrected the procedural errors in its former decision. The court handed down the same sentence against the applicant. The applicant appealed.
in the Court's decisions in the cases of Gołek v. Poland, no. 31330/02, §§ 27-33, 25 April 2006 and Celejewski v. Poland, no. 17584/04, §§ 22-23, 4 August 2006, the relevant domestic law and practice concerning the imprisonment on arrestment and the grounds for its prolongation are stated. Release from imprisonment and rules governing other, so called "preventive measures" are also stated in the same decisions.
According to section 39 of the Law, sobering up centres will be set up. These centres will be managed by the authorities of municipalities with more than 50,000 inhabitants. At the relevant time, Section 40 of the Law was applicable. This section provided in so far as relevant:
As there was again no reply, on 25 October 1999 the applicant's lawyer sent another letter to the public prosecutor.He requested information about any action undertaken concerning the applicant's case. He made no reference to the civil proceedings that had already finished.He did not inform the public prosecutor of the identity of the police officers concerned.The identity of the police officers concerned had been determined in the course of the civil proceedings.
The applicants allegedly sought the execution of this judgment before the Ankara 6th Enforcement Office. The date on which they sought the execution is unspecified. The applicants  blamed on the destruction of the archives of the execution office. They have not submitted any supporting documents regarding the execution proceedings.
Eleven hearings were stopped because of various problems attributable to the authorities. These problems include the failure to properly summon or serve documents on defendants, or to obtain expert reports in time.
On 23 September 2004 the Pavlograd City Court rejected the applicant's complaint against the Bailiffs. The court indicated, among other things, that the award could not be paid due to the debtor's lack of funds. The scope of action for the Bailiffs was also limited by the funds allocated from the State Budget to the Ministry of Fuel and Energy for payment of the industrial benefits.
Where the evidence can not explain his silence or where there is no such evidence, the jury decide that the silence is to be understood as defendant does not have any answer valid for cross-examination and may draw an adverse inference"
On the Saturday morning before being escorted back to Broadmoor, X had instructed attorneys to apply for an order to be taken before the court on his behalf.
The witnesses stated that the land had been used by the ancestor of the defendants prior to the Gulf War. They also stated that during the Gulf War the military command had moved the fence and had taken actual possession of half of the land.
The second applicant published a subsequent article, dated 16 January 1993 and entitled “The Attorney-General and the clowns [μασκαράδες]”. In this article it is stated that the Minister of Defence, Mr Aloneftis, through an article in another Cypriot newspaper, had had the “incredible nerve” to request Alithia to name the suppliers of armament systems who were paying commissions to State officials. The article read as follows:
The applicant was one of the six founding partners and a holder of 24% of the shares of a limited liability company (“the company”) set up on 12 June 1996 to run a retail shop. This shop was privatised by those partners in 1994. It was valued at some 50,100 Georgian laris (GEL) (approximately 22,000 euros (EUR)). The shop was designated as the company’s founding capital.
An explanatory note attached to the back of the scan image referred to the haemorrhage as “chronic”. This means it is esulting from bleeding over a prolonged period.
The applicant, Ms Josefin Hallgren, is a Swedish national, who was born in 1974. She lives in Enskede, Sweden.She is represented before the Court by Mrs R. Harrold-Claesson. Mrs R. Harrold-Claesson is a lawyer and she works in Olofstorp, Sweden.
The above requirement may be fulfilled as it is specified by the Commission in its decision ordering the forbidden aid to be stopped.If the requirement is not met, the aid in question will once more become unlawful.
The applicant applied for review of the case to the Administrative Court of Appeal (kammarrätten) in Stockholm.Again, he did not request an oral hearing. On 14 February 1997 his application was rejected.
The convening officer usually acted as confirming officer also. A court-martial’s findings were not effective until confirmed by the confirming officer. The confirming officer was empowered to withhold confirmation or substitute, postpone or remit in whole or in part any sentence.
By an order of 2 August 1999, the division of the Palermo District Court responsible for reviewing precautionary measures (“the Specialised Division”) set aside the order of 12 July 1999 and ordered the applicant’s release. The division found that he preliminary investigations judge had not correctly assessed the evidence of the applicant’s guilt.
The property-management company Régie Naef SA ("Naef") managed the building in which the flat in issue was located. On 14 November 1986, the company informed the applicant that renovation and building work was going to be carried out on the block.
It is apparent from the legal systems of the Member States that the principle of the protection of written communications between lawyer and client is is generally recognised. However, scope of the protection and the criteria for applying it vary...
The applicant made a complait for review with the Supreme Court. On 9 February 2005 the Supreme Court rejected the applicant’s complaint. This decision was served on him on 25 April 2005.
When the territory of Lithuania occupied by the USSR, The USSR State Security Committee (NKVD, NKGB, MGB, KGB – hereinafter ‘the SSC’) is recognised as a criminal organisation. The SSC was held responsible for war crimes, genocide, repression, terror and political persecution.
One of the principal aims of the applicant association is the protection of human rights. The second applicant is a lawyer. His work includes acting as counsel in civil and criminal cases in the courts in Plovdiv. He also represents pplicants in proceedings before the European Court of Human Rights.
It shall be an offence punishable by imprisonment or a fine following a complaint to use a camera to observe, or image-recording equipment to record, any matter pertaining to a person’s personal life, without the consent of the person concerned. It is also punishable to observe or record any matter pertaining to someone’s private life, if it would not be in public view but for the camera or equipment.
On 29 and 30 September 2003 the applicant company submitted documents to ANRTI indicating its new address. The company also requested modification of its licences accordingly, and paid the licence fee.
In December 2004 the applicant sued the Bailiffs’ Service in the Voroshylovskyy District Court of the Donetsk Region for the non-enforcement of the judgment in his favour. On 5 April 2005 the court made a decision in favour of the applicant and ordered the Bailiffs' Service to enforce the judgment in question.
On 9 August 2006 a deputy Prosecutor General applied for supervisory review with the Presidium of the Krasnodar Regional Court.He submitted that the Krasnodar Regional Court had violated the applicant’s right to attend the appeal hearing.
In July 2001 the applicant appealed against the order. She argued that the Regional Court had failed to issue a reasoned decision concerning the extension of her detention. Three of the applicant’s co-defendants also appealed and sought leave to appear at the appeal hearing. The applicant did not file such a request.
By an additional judgment dated 4 May 2004, the Ankara State Security Court acquitted the applicant, who had not taken part in any violent activities, and nullified his conviction, together with all its consequences. The court took into account the amendment to the definition of “terror acts” under section 7 of Law no. 3713 pursuant to Law no. 4928.This judgment became final on 11 May 2004.
On 24 March 2004 the Edineţ District Court ruled in favour of the applicant. The court ordered the defendant to pay applicant 97,000 Moldovan lei (MDL) (the equivalent of 6,284 euros (EUR) at the time). The judgment was not appealed against and after fifteen days it became final and enforceable.
As to Article 10 of the Convention, the Constitutional Court observed that its application concerning recording hearings had not yet been tested. The lacking Convention standard had therefore to be replaced by a domestic standard. The Constitutional Court was of the view that there was accordingly a violation of Article 10 of the Convention as well.
Section 72 provides that an administrative decision taken on the key facts of a case may be challenged in court within thirty days from its delivery. Such judicial review may, however, take place only if the administrative remedies - if any - available in the case have already been exhausted. .
The applicant, Mr Ousman Mbengeh, is a Gambian national. He was born in 1971 and lived, at the time of submitting his application with the Court, in Helsinki. He is represented before the Court by Ms K. Heimonen. Ms. K. Heimonen is a lawyer. She works in Espoo.
In the 1980’s construction work was started in order to build a road to the Island of Onkisalo. Onkisalo had no connection to the mainland.The part of the road (the Kattilaniemi road) was finished at the end of the 1980’s. The Kattilaniemi road is situated on the mainland and the applicants also participated in its construction.
In April 1997 the applicant requested the Government to exercise its power under Chapter 7, Section 16 of the Aliens Act to declare the eviction order invalid. By a decision of 5 June 1997 the Government rejected the request.
If the Supreme Court considers that a complaint does not provide grounds to disagree the judgment appealed againstand does not require answers to questions of law in the interests of the unity or development of the law, it may, in giving reasons for its decision, limit itself to that finding.
The applicant is a Greek national, born in 1949. She lives in Varkiza in Attika. She is represented before the Court by Mr M. Angelopoulos. Mr M. Angelopoulos is a lawyer. He works in Athens.
The first rules on dress in higher-education institutions was a set of regulations that was issued by the Cabinet on 22 July 1981. These rules required staff working for public organisations and institutions and personnel and students at State institutions to wear ordinary, appropriate, modern dress.The regulations also provided that female members of staff and students should not wear veils in educational institutions.
On 12 December 1994 a hearing was held in the case. The applicant limited the amount claimed to AS 24,339.80 and submitted further documentation. The court stopped the hearing for the files in all parallel proceedings to be obtained.
On 30 September 2003 the Cologne Court of Appeal (Oberlandesgericht) rejected the applicant’s appeal as unacceptable. The ground for the rejection was that the applicant had failed to submit the grounds for his appeal within the statutory time-limit of one month. The applicant was informed on the decision on 8 October 2003.
(b) The term of the members of the Presidency elected in the first election shall be two years; the term of members subsequently elected shall be four years. Members shall be eligible to be succeed once and shall thereafter be ineligible for four years.
On 30 June 1997 the applicant lodged a request for return of the confiscated property with an administrative body, which has not yet issued a decision.
The applicants are two retired social workers. They both worked for the City of Helsinki for a period of 35 years until their retirement in 1990. They were granted an employment pension but no national pension’s basic amount as they had not yet reached the required age. Their employment pensions amounted to 66 per cent of their salaries.
On 15 February 2001 M.C. appealed to the Naples Court of Appeal. The proceedings were still pending on 13 February 2004.
On 11 August 2005 the Łódź Regional Court (Sąd Okręgowy) dismissed the applicant’s claim against the Łódź Municipality. The applicant appealed.
According to section 1 of the Unemployment Funds Act (työttömyyskassalaki, lag om arbetslöshetskassor; 1984/603), the purpose of an unemployment fund is, among others, to provide its members unemployment benefits pursuant to the Act on Unemployment Benefits. Section 2 provides that the Ministry for Social Affairs and Health grants licences to establish an unemployment fund.
On 24 October 1995 the applicant was arrested and detained in custody. As grounds for her detention, the investigator cited the seriousness of the offence charged against her.
The indictment of 24 May 1999 has been amended on two occasions. Two further indictments have been brought. The applicant has consistently refused to plead, and pleas of not guilty have been entered on his behalf.
The Resolution of the Plenary Supreme Court of the USSR “On judicial practice regarding the offence of smuggling” (no. 2 of 3 February 1978) provided as follows:
“Complains about depression, weakness, insomnia, irritability. No acute psychiatric symptoms are observed. Depressed. The next visit is scheduled for 25 June 1997.”
Pursuant to subsection 2, each parent is obliged to refrain from any actions which could disturb the relationship of the other parent with the child.
According to the Commission, the length of time for which Matznetter was in pre-trial detention could not be justified by facts which occurred later. The only facts to be taken into account were those existing at the time, excluding his conviction on 6 February 1967.
In October 1999 the applicant brought proceedings before the Zarichny District Court of Sumy (the “Zarichny Court”) against the Department of Education of the Sumy Municipal Council (Department). He sought the recovery of unpaid salary.
In addition, they filed a criminal complaint, with an application to join the proceedings as civil parties. They alleged forgery in connection with the decision of 30 November 1995. They asked the administrative court to defer its decision until the conclusion of the criminal proceedings.
The applicant is a Finnish national living in Oulunsalo. She is represented before the Court by Mr Mikko Hunnakko, a lawyer in Helsinki.
Officer P. from the National Bureau of Investigation was in charge of the investigation. After the search P. gave interviews. His statements were widely spread in the media by the press and a TV channel. P. had also been assigned to be responsible for making any announcements to the media.
Lastly, the Court of Appeal reduced Mr Ahmet Sadik's prison sentence to fifteen months and turned it into a fine of 1,000 drachmas (GRD) per day.
On 1 January 1996 sub-paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 217 § 1 were abolished and the whole provision was redrafted. From that date onwards the relevant sub-paragraphs read:
Schizophrenia is an illness or group of illnesses affecting language, planning, emotion, perceptions and movement. “Positive symptoms” often accompany acute psychotic episodes (including delusions, hallucinations, disordered or fragmented thinking and catatonic movements). “Negative symptoms”, associated with long-term illness, include feelings of emotional numbness, difficulty in communicating with others, lack of motivation and inability to care about or cope with everyday tasks.
In the course of these enforcement proceedings, the Zhytomyr Regional Bailiffs’ Service requested the Bogunsky District Court of Zhytomyr to replace the Bogunsky District Bailiffs’ Service of Zhytomyr with the local department of the State Treasury of Ukraine, as the debtor under the judgment of 17 April 2003. On 28 October 2004 the court rejected this request. The applicant did not attend this hearing.
The toilet facilities, consisting of five cubicles, were shared by four units (nos. 2, 6, 7 and 9). They housed about 700 inmates in total.
Pursuant to Article 25 of the Basic Law, the general rules of international law form an integral part of federal law. They prevail over statute law and directly create rights and duties for the inhabitants of German territory.
On 2 November 2005 the Court of Appeal upheld the lower court’s judgment in full. With regard to the complaint about the length of the proceedings, the court found that the tax proceedings could not be considered to have been of excessive duration. However, the court did not give any reason.
On 7 May 2002 the Chişinău Regional Court upheld the judgment of 4 March 2002. It repeated the reasoning of the first-instance court in rejecting the claim for compensation in respect of monetary and non-monetary damage.
On 5 and 26 June, 11 September and 16 October 1996 the County Court rejected further requests from the applicant to have the measure lifted. Applicant had not  specified the reasons. On 18 December 1996 the County Court rejected a similar request on the ground that the circumstances that had led to the taking of the measure had not changed.
Of the four hearings held between 19 November 1997 and 17 September 1999 none was postponed at the request of the applicant.
The applicant, Ms Oksana Grygorivna Kamenivska, is a Ukrainian national. She was born in 1945 and lives in the city of Lviv. She was represented before the Court by Mr I. O. Nazaruk, a lawyer practicing in Lviv. The Ukrainian Government (“the Government”) were represented by their Agents, Mrs V. Lutkovska and Mr Yu. Zaytsev, of the Ministry of Justice.
All the residents questioned refused to allow their relatives' bodies to be exhumed. They also stated that they and their relatives had nothing to do with the fighters.
In a order served on the tenants on 16 January 1992, the applicant reiterated his intention to terminate the lease. He summoned the tenants to appear before the Rome Magistrate.
S.D. failed to fulfill her obligations stemming from the contract. on 21 March 1994 the applicants brought a civil action against her in the Zagreb Municipal Court (Općinski sud u Zagrebu).
In October 2006, December 2006, and June 2007 the command offered the applicant three flats in Tver. The applicant rejected these offers. He considered that the command should have first satisfied his claims for other benefits. He also disliked the flats’ characteristics.
On the same day the District Court convicted Mr Brandstetter of adulterating wine (section 45(1) (a) of the Wine Act). The Court fined him 5,600 schillings. It also ordered the confiscation of the wine contained in the two tanks seized - a total of 27,000 litres - (section 46(1)) and the publication of the judgment (section 45(3)).
“1. The clerk of the court hearing reports to the court about the presence of the parties and other participants of the proceedings. He reports whether those who are absent have been duly notified, and also provides information about the reasons for their absence.”
That being so, the Indictment Division did not lay itself open to the objection raised in the ground of appeal. It refuses to rule stipulating that the evidence from telephone tapping in connection with other proceedings was inadmissible;
The enforcement of the sentence shall be governed by the law of the administering State. That State alone shall be competent to take all appropriate decisions.
The applicant, Mr Rudolf Yakovych Myrskyy, is a Ukrainian national. He was born in 1932 and lives in Lviv. He is a Doctor of Philosophy and a political science professor. He also holds leading positions in the Holocaust International Centre, the Association of National Minorities in the Lviv Region, and the International Anti-Fascist Congress.
On 28 August 2006 the Frankfurt am Main Regional Court dismissed the applicant’s application for legal aid. Then, the applicant appealed.
The applicants, Pierre and Marie-Louise Mieg de Boofzheim, are French nationals. They were born in 1925 and live at Saint Martin de la Place. They were represented before the Court by Mr Prioux, of the Saumur Bar.
On 12 March 1997 the Dornbirn District Administrative Authority (Bezirkshauptmannschaft) ordered the applicant to disclose within two weeks the full name and address of the person who had been driving her car at the material time on 17 January 1997. This order was taken pursuant to section 103 § 2 of the Motor Vehicles Act (Kraftfahrzeuggesetz)
The applicant is an ethnic Serb from Croatia. He was brought up in Vinkovci in the region of Eastern Slavonia. The city was at the time in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
At the time the events in the instant case occurred, the Conseil d’Etat held, following its settled case-law (extracts from its judgment of 29 October 1990 in the case of Diennet):
On 14 May 1987 the Salonika prefect modified the development plan (ρυμοτομικό σχέδιο) for the area in which the applicants' plots of land were located. The prefect designated these plots as a “green area” and “sports and leisure zone”. This decision was confirmed by a decision of the Minister of the Environment and Public Works dated 31 July 1987 and by a presidential decree of 22 August 1988.
The applicant, Mr Eduard Fedorovich Kotsarenko, is a Ukrainian national. He was born in 1938 and lives in the village of Andreevka, Donetsk Region, Ukraine. The respondent Government were represented by their Agent, Mr Y. Zaytsev.
On 13 January 2006 the applicant’s lawyer repeated their request to use the right of appearing before the court and the complaint under Article 3 of the Convention before the Chişinău Court of Appeal. The above complaints have never been examined by the Chişinău Court of Appeal.
The applicant did not appeal further. He considered or was advised that such a remedy would be bound to fail. No such social security benefit was payable to widowers under United Kingdom law.
At a trial hearing on 14 May 1998, the applicant repeated his request for bail. He complained about the lawfulness and conditions of his detention. The judge of the Kaunas City District Court noted that the medical experts had not yet submitted their conclusions as to the applicant’s state of health. The judge refused to lift the detention decision. There was no guarantee that the applicant would not escape.
On 27 January 2000 C.R. asked the Commissario to open the second termine reprobatorio, and he did so on 2 February 2000. On 24 February 2000 C.R. asked for the sum recorded in the bankbook (deposited by the applicant on 29 April 1993) to be checked and the accrued interest added. This was done by the registrar on 8 March 2000.
On 14 August 2000 the applicant appealed against the cessation of proceedings. He claimed that the court could request the missing documents under its own powers. On 21 August 2000 he was informed by the same court that the stay of proceedings was not amenable to appeal.
By letter of 16 September 1981 the Director of Ila requested assistance from the Ministry of Justice. He wanted to have the applicant placed in psychiatric health care. It appears that the Ministry concluded that no transfer to the psychiatric health system could be effected unless the situation developed and the applicant became psychotic within the meaning of the Mental Health Act.
Between 12 August and 5 December 1996 the proceedings were stayed. The applicant had failed to pay an advance fee towards the costs of a supplementary expert opinion.
The local public prosecutor failed to respond to the applicants’ complaint for almost seven months. The applicants’ representative wrote to the Minister of the Interior on 10 March 1999 informing him about the case.
"Evidence of the truth of such a statement or allegation is admissible where the statement or allegation was made in order to protect a legitimate interest. Where the truth of the statement or allegation is proved, no offence of insult or defamation will have been committed.”
the 1980 Act, if a Social Council considers that certain action is necessary, it has to apply to the County Administrative Court for a decision. Unlike Child Welfare Boards under the 1960 Act, it cannot take the decision itself.
The mission is entrusted by the sending State to do some official business with the receiving State. All these official business shall be conducted with or through the Ministry for Foreign Affairs of the receiving State or such other ministry as may be agreed.
The number of persons applying to these commissions had already attained approximately 170,000. A further 800 persons, whose applications were pending before the Court, had also applied to the compensation commissions. Many villagers had already been awarded compensation for the damage they had sustained.
A report dated 14 April 1993 by the Hozat police informed the Hozat public prosecutor that Ahmet Kaya's allegation had been investigated. The investigation disclosed that no Hozat police officer had made a statement alleging that Can and Kaya had been held at Tunceli Security Directorate.
Between 27 September 2002 and 20 February 2003 the applicant requested the court seven times to extend the time-limits for the submission of his comments on V.’s expert report.
On 28 October 1997 the Lębork District Court joined the applicant’s case with similar proceedings against seven other members of the cooperative.
Under Article 71 § 4, a person’s pre-trial detention shall not exceed three years. In cases of particularly serious offences, within the meaning of Article 41 § 2 of the Criminal Code, the maximum period of pre-trial detention is four years.
According to Article 187, a citizen or a legal person, who is not the owner of an immovable property, manifestly and continuously possessed it as his own property for a period of ten years, shall obtain ownership in respect of that property (adverse possession). For this to happen, this person shall not know either that he is not the owner of the property or he should not be able to know he does not have the ownership of the property.
On 15 January 2009 the Administrative Jurisdiction Division (Afdeling Bestuursrechtspraak) of the Council of State (Raad van State) declared a further appeal (hoger beroep) by the applicant inadmissible. It  held that he had failed to fulfil the requirements of Article 6 § 5 of the General Administrative Law Act (Algemene Wet Bestuursrecht) by not including his name in the notice of appeal.
(ii) restrictions on or dissolution of political parties should be regarded as exceptional measures. They shall be applied only in cases where the party concerned uses violence or threatens civil peace and the democratic constitutional order of the country;
If the person is given right to demand return or restoration of the property and the person entitled to this cannot be compensated by the assignment of other real property, he has a right to financial compensation according to specified conditions (section 16).
On 27 May 1993 the Nakkila Inheritance Tax Board fixed the inheritance tax to be imposed on Heidi, Jussi and Petri Jokela in respect of, among others, the four properties. Their market value was assessed at a total of FIM 600,000 (i.e. about FIM 20 per square metre). No reasons were given by the Tax Board.
All three couples, having children of school age, object to integrated, and hence compulsory, sex education. This course was introduced into State primary schools in Denmark by Act No. 235 of 27 May 1970, amending the State Schools Act (Lov om ændring af lov om folkeskolen, hereinafter referred to as "the 1970 Act").
As his appeal against deposition had a suspensive effect, Mr. Kosiek was able to continue teaching at Nürtingen Technical College. However, the dismissal became final after the Federal Administrative Court’s judgment of 28 November 1980. He was accordingly notified on 15 December 1980 that his employment was at an end.
He gave an assurance that "Parliament will be informed of any changes that are made in the arrangements" (ibid., col. 208).
In the meantime, on an unspecified date, the applicant signed a preprinted form explaining the rights of arrested persons. These rights included the right to remain silent and the right to legal assistance.
On 15 November 1999 the Zarichny Court allowed her claims and ordered the Department to pay the applicant UAH 1,181.71 in compensation. On 19 January and 28 January 2000, the Department paid the applicant UAH 199.39 in enforcement of the judgment.
“For the purposes of the unhindered conduct of the criminal proceedings... detention may be ordered against a person who is reasonably suspected of having committed a criminal offence if:
On 11 August 2001 the applicants, a former Italian Military Internee (M) and the 271st applicant (Mr Ferrini) brought a constitutional complaint against sections 10 § 1, 11 § 3 and 16 §§ 1 and 2 of the Foundation Law before the Federal Constitutional Court. They had been subjected to forced labour as a civilian. On the same page the newspaper also published an article by the journalist A. He wrote “Do not step on journalists’ throats, do not knock the pen out of their hands!” (“Не наступайте на горло журналистам, не вышибайте из рук перо!”). In that article, the journalist quoted the applicant’s speech of 9 November 2004 and said the following:
On 14 September 2000 the investigator interviewed the applicant in her home. Her newly-retained counsel was present. He allowed two of them to learn about the case file.
On 4 July 2011 the applicant was released from detention and placed under house arrest. The Vásárosnamény District Court was of the view that the time spent by the applicant in detention had be to be reduced to a minimum. The Court noted that he did not know any sign language and was able to communicate only with his mother,
On 20 November 2006 the Attorney-General acknowledged receipt of a request from the applicant for an interview. He said that he would meet him during one of his forthcoming visits to the prison. According to the applicant, the meeting never took place.
The applicant was again hospitalised on 14 October 2006. He underwent urgent haemodialysis. Afterwards the applicant left the hospital.
Section 36(1) of the 1993 Act provides that parties to proceedings before the Constitutional Court have to bear their costs and expenses. Subsection 2 of section 36 entitles the Constitutional Court to order a party to fully or partially reimburse the costs and expenses of the other party if it is justified and in accordance with the outcome of the proceedings,
On 13 October 2009, the advisory body to the prefect, the Prefectural College, met and discussed, among other things, the issue of stray dogs on the streets of Bucharest. A statement was published on the website of the Bucharest Prefect’s Office following this meeting. The prefect stated that the problem of stray dogs was not yet solved. He mentioned that:
From 2004 onwards his condition was classified as a disability of the second category (more serious). Because, the post-traumatic encephalopathy had worsened.
Upon re-trial, by a final decision of 21 September 2006 the Brasov Court of Appeal admitted the restitution proceedings of the former owners. The Court accepted that they had active standing. It also established that they were the owners of the flat.
On 8 December 2004 the Brzesko District Court dismissed in the light of DNA tests the applicant's action contesting his paternity of B. Subsequently, the applicant attempted to visit B; however, his wife apparently hindered his contact with his younger son.
I have been informed by the applicant that she cannot comply with that request. She does not now hold a valid identity document from which her name as stated appears (omdat zij thans niet beschikt over een geldig identiteitsbewijs waaruit haar naam als opgegeven blijkt).
On 31 January 1998 D submitted its first report to the Government. Valuation schedules for key assets, projected returns from sales and financial statements were attached to the report. The executive summary of the report contained a paragraph in bold letters which stated (taken from the original version in English):
On 29 October 2001 the prosecutor refused to file criminal proceedings. There was not enough evidence that a crime had been committed. In particular, he found that the applicant had attempted to flee and had resisted the policemen.
By a final interlocutory judgment of 8 December 2004 the TârguMureş Court of Appeal dismissed the Prosecutor Office’s appeal against the interlocutory judgment of 12 May 2004 as moot on the ground that the applicant had already been released.
During the meeting on 16 July 2009, the daughter confessed that she had lied. She said that the allegations she had made the previous year had not been true. The son confirmed this. The daughter further submitted one letter to her parents and one to the District Court. In the letter, she confessed to having lied. She wrote about her wish to return to her family.
6. The pension was awarded to her from the date of application. In addition, she was paid the pension for the six months prior to the date of application. It was because of that Ukraine (her country of origin) was a party to the Agreement on securing the pension rights of citizens of the Member States of the Commonwealth of Independent States of 13 March 2003 (“the CIS Agreement of 2003”).
According to section 118 of the Act, a foreigner whose claim for international protection has been refused will nevertheless be granted permission to remain on humanitarian grounds. For this to happen, his or her removal shall breach the prohibition of resending the person to the place where he may face death or inhuman treatment. However, the foreigner concerned must be placed in detention if it has been established that he or she constitutes a threat to public order or national security.
On an unspecified date a initial investigation for robbery was opened against the applicant. He was questioned as a suspect on an unspecified date. A search of his apartment was conducted on 23 and 24 October 1991. On an unspecified date the initial investigation was suspended.
Lastly, on 11 November 2008, the Court of Cassation rejected an appeal on points of law by the Milan public prosecutor’s office against the Court of Appeal’s decision of 25 June 2008. It stated that the public prosecutor did not have capacity to act in the proceedings. That decision rendered the contested judgment final.
The wording of section 80(1)(5) and (2) of the 1997 Ministry of Internal Affairs Act, which replaced the above provision in December 1997, was identical. The wording of section 74(1)(4) and (2) of the 2006 Ministry of Internal Affairs Act, which is currently in force, word-for-word repeats that of section 80(1)(5) and (2) of the 1997 Act.
On appeal, on 16 June 2005 the Szeged Court of Appeal approved this sentence at a public hearing. This judgment was served on 30 June 2005.
On 3 March 2002 the applicant was transferred to Valmieras prison. On 3 May 2002 he was released from prison after serving his sentence.
Mr Odabaşı was the chairman of the Kırşehir branch of HADEP. On 1 December 1997 the Ankara State Security Court convicted him of “incitement to hatred and hostility by making a distinction based on race and regional identity”. This crime was regulated in Article 312 of the Criminal Code in force at the material time.
In the meantime, on 17 August 2000, the State had granted the use of all the plots of land in question to a private transport company, B. The State has been receiving rent to date from it.
In its comments on the above case, the National Tax Board (Riksskatteverket, formerly in charge of tax administration and enforcement service in Sweden)made a statement. It said that in considering the circumstances referred to in this Article, the judicial and administrative authorities shall take into account the information relating to the social background of the child. This information is provided by the Central Authority or other competent authority of the child’s habitual residence.”
On 25 October 2005 the Supreme Administrative Court upheld the judgment of 29 November 2002. The Court found it to have been in accordance with the law and the procedural rules. It decided that it was not necessary to hold a hearing.
The relevant part of the Labour Act (Zakon o radu, Official Gazette 38/1995), as in force until 26 September 2001, reads:
While in custody, if the accused stayed in a medical institution, the period of stay there shall be included the period of serving the sentence.
On 14 February 2007 the Vienna Court of Appeal (Oberlandesgericht) admitted the claimant’s appeal. It ordered the applicant company to pay 5,000 euros (EUR) in compensation to the claimant and to reimburse his procedural costs.
On 29 January 2011 the applicant was arrested by the police. He was under the influence of narcotic drugs. He presented an identity card of his brother, who was an Estonian national. The applicant was taken into custody. On 28 February 2011 he was fined for a breach of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances and Precursors thereof Act (Narkootiliste ja psühhotroopsete ainete ning nende lähteainete seadus).
Broad cautionary bans that do not fully address the substantive issue of legitimate concern of the state cannot withstand interim scrutiny. 838 F.3d at 73 (quoting Members of City Council of City of L.A. v. Taxpayers for Vincent, 466 U.S. 789, 810, 104 S.Ct.
Considering all the circumstances, including an anonymous caller claiming eyewitness knowledge, contemporaneous reporting of the activity, and the detailed description of the person holding the firearm, which the PRPD matched to Rivas-Castro, the call was deemed reliable.
(noting that confirmation requires “knowledge of the alleged constitutional violation”); Gillette, 979 F.2d at 1342 (“A single decision by a municipal policymaker may be sufficient to raise section 1983 liability under Monell…[if] there is evidence of a conscious, positive choice.”); Neuroth - Mendocino Cty., No.
27, 2010) (“Mitchell has previously applied to the superior court on three or more occasions. The reason for the application is that the claims are insignificant or that there is no claim for which compensation can be granted. He was notified of three strike situations by multiple courts.”); Deen-Mitchell v. Young, No.
the accused state agency and individual actors created danger or increased plaintiffs' vulnerability; (2) the suer was a member of a limited and specifically identifiable group; (3) respondents' conduct places suer at risk of serious, direct, and imminent harm; (4) the risk was obvious or known; (5) the respondents acted recklessly in conscious disregard of this risk; and (6) such behavior is, on the whole, deliberately shocking.
Look at the decisions; Stevens v. Steams, 2003 VT 74, ¶¶ 14—21, 175 Vt. 428, 833 A.2d 835; Murray v. White, 155 Vt. 621, 627-631, 587 A.2d 975, 978-981 (1991).
21, 2016) (“Suers' failure to compel accelerated arbitration of their claims by not expressly mentioning the existence of enforceable arbitration agreements in their complaints would defeat the purposes of the Federal Arbitration Act.”) Cintas included the Employment Agreement in its resoulution, and Curtis did not dispute its authenticity.
Counts II (conspiracy), IV (tortious interference with existing contract), V (tor-tious interference with prospective contract), VI (tortious interference with employment relations), VII (tortious interference with business opportunities), VIII (fraud), IX (extortion), X (bribery), XI (civil conversion), XIII (libel), XIV (commerical disparagement), XV (intentional infliction of emotional distress), and XVI (exemplary damages) of the amended complaint against the HISD respondents are declined.
Bush requests the postponement of the case. Semyenova opposes this claim and relies on related cases, see. Diet, 13, 2-3 (citing Sipper, 869 F.Supp.2d at 116; Horn v. District of Columbia, 210). F.R.D, 13, 15 (D.D.C.
However, DOC acknowledges that most Minnesota stores are less familiar with their billing practices. He learned this from representatives of Reid, Rosar, Schmultz and several companies that produce auto glass in Minnesota.
reh'g denied (February 10, 2016) (“where a federal law provides for damages, suers who do not allege actual damages may also satisfy both the actual damages and the compensability requirements of Article III by suing for statutory damages” (emphasis added)).
§ 287.7(d) is titled “Temporary detention upon request of the Department.” § 287.7(a) appears to generally define the detainer as a “claim.” It is difficult to understand that the word “shall” is used in the timing section in a way that changes the nature of the entire arrangement.
18, 2014 ('Record Date'), pursuant to the Plan, fund units were held on the Record Date. He is entitled to an initial distribution of $0.155570 USD per unit. (A44, ¶ 16; A571)
“An act dangerous to human life…an act deliberately reckless and immoral, with complete disregard for human life and social duty, and tending to cause deliberate mischief” is sufficient to prove “maliciousness.” State v. Davis, 197 N.C.App.
There is no such unfair prejudice in this case because the State of South Dakota filed suit in state court voluntarily, at a time of its own choosing, with carefully selected defendants. Moreover, FAG Bearings can be separable.
"The change in wording is intended to demonstrate that administrative law judges are not in the business of accusing the character of suers. Clearly, judges will evaluate the credibility of applicants' stinging allegations. This is especially true since such allegations often cannot be relied upon or declined on the basis of medical evidence." Cole v. Colvin, 831 F.3d 411, 412 (7th Cir.
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(f) allows courts to “enter suit pleading insufficient pleadings or any unnecessary, trivial, obscene, or scandalous matter.” The aim of the respondents' strike request is not defense. Instead, it is the content of the respondents’ responsive resolution and sworn testimony.
Due to this, courts apply “strict examination if the contested classification jeopardizes the exercise of a fundamental right or classifies individuals according to a questionable characteristic such as foreignness, look at; Banner v. United States, 428 F.3d 303, 307 (D.C.Cir.2005); Hunt v. Cromartie, 526 U.S. 541, 546, 119 S.Ct.
The suer talked about certain circumstances almost every month between January 2009 and December 2009 and the reason for her treatment. Among these; breathlessness and body pain; rapid heartbeat; feeling like dying; and a continuous cough and spit.
38, 45-46 (6th Cir.2007) states: “[T]he Plan’s overpayment provision alleges a right to recover from a specific fund distinct from [the employee’s] assets — the fund being the overpayments themselves — and a particular share of that fund to which the plan was entitled. This includes all overpayments due to the receipt of Social Security benefits, but not to exceed the amount of benefits paid.”
Under the agreements, BP is referred to as the "Pipeline Owner" or "Operator" and it assigned these rights to Plains and TPC Pipeline Company (and its parent company, Tosco Corporation). It also transferred its rights as "Pipeline Lessee" and "Refinery Owner" to Phillips.
The court considers the pleadings, answers, evidence, counsel's argument, and applicable law. Accordingly, it will grant the resolution for summary judgment, deny the suers' claims, and deny all other pending resolutions for other reasons.
Therefore, the Court should grant the respondents' demand for decline if it answers in the positive to three questions: (1) whether the respondents "are a provider of interactive computer services," 47 U.S.C.
Such a need arises when: (1) failure to provide hurry-up processing would pose an “looming threat to the life or physical safety of an individual”; or (2) the requester is “primarily engaged in disseminating information” and “demonstrates an urgency to notify the public about actual or alleged Federal Government activity.” 5 U.S.C.
The intake questionnaire, a document used by a potential complainant to file a charge of discrimination under the ADA with the EEOC, can itself create a charge when it contains "information required by the regulations, i.e., an allegation and the name of the accused party,”. Additionally, in cases where "the file could reasonably be interpreted as a request for the agency to take remedial action to protect the employee's rights or resolve a dispute between the employer and the employee," such as when the "filer makes a request," it may be considered a fee acceptable. The agency needs to activate its machines and improvement processes. Fed.
v. Aniero Concrete Co., Inc., 404 F.3d 566, 603-04 (2d Cir.2005); Zahra v. Town of Southold, 48 F.3d 674, 685 (2d Cir.1995)).
Although Morgan Stanley has not yet moved for summary judgment on plaintiffs' negligent misrepresentation claims, I have ordered plaintiffs to show cause why their negligent misrepresentation claims against Morgan Stanley should not be declined. This was in light of my finding that Morgan Stanley did not make an actionable misrepresentation to suers.
In addition to its decision in Short, the court also examined the decisions of other circuits. Accordingly, it decided that "the first disclosure of a crime to the spouse falls within the scope of the marital communication privilege." Id.
Chapter 13 debtor Gary D. Barbee (“Debtor”) filed suit against US Bank National Association as trustee of Truman FHA Trust 2008-1. To do this, it used mortgage servicing agency BAC Home Loan Servicing (“Bank”). The cause of action is 11 U.S.C. The cause of the suit was that he sought to avoid the Bank's interest in his manufactured home under 11 U.S.C.
ECMC, the respondent in both Walker cases, had inappropriately determined this as a subject matter jurisdiction issue. The reasoning behind this is that because student loans are not discharged unless clearly stated, a general order of discharge is not final as to such loans.
For reference, other creditors will be collectively referred to as the "Lender Group". Mittman, as their representative, engaged in extensive litigation with the Judgment Creditors regarding the Debtor's right to receive approximately $841,000.00 due from Vonage.
First, the court must "take into account the elements necessary to the suer’s defence." Second, the court must find that the claims “are not entitled to the presumption of fact because they are nothing more than conclusions.” Finally, “where there are well-defended factual claims, the court must assume their truth and then determine whether they give rise to a reasonable right to relief.”
Likewise, a reasonable jury might find, through subsequent confirmation, that this constitutional violation was attributable to ASORT, as noted below with respect to the municipal defendants (see Wright, 138 F.Supp.2d at 957-58) or through motiıns of Commander Combs and Team Leader Miller, who have unlimited discretion to determine how the announcement will be carried out (see Doc.
A mutual insurance exchange is “in its purest form…a network of contractual relationships between subscribers who agree to insure each other, completed through a common agent holding power of attorney.” The most important question is whether USAA is properly treated as a corporation or an unincorporated association for diversity jurisdiction purposes.
Martinez said that during his medical examination the day after he arrived at the Federal Detention Center, he told the nurse that he got beated. Examining Martinez's Health Screening form and based on her memories of Martinez, Pascale is 100 percent certain that Martinez did not tell her he was injured, nor did she see any injuries.
Here, the suer relied on the president's sworn statement. He claimed that his stock ownership [in Patriot Lines and Ship Operations] was limited to Brophys. He asserted that the two companies were 'a front for [Brophys'] operations. (Document no).
893 or simply needs the implementation of an institutional policy. For this, see, UDC Presidents, 56 F.3d at 1474 (note that “if deprivation depends on a policy decision rather than on the characteristics of an individual, a pre-deprivation trial will do little to reduce the risk of wrongful deprivation”).
In the document, Aired alleges that respondents engaged in discriminatory and retaliatory behavior that led to her termination. She asserts that respondents violated her rights under the following laws: (1) Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 29 U.S.C.
Inc., 289 F.3d 530, 531 (8th Cir.2002) (“Execution of a settlement agreement by the court with jurisdiction over the underlying dispute is appropriate only where the agreement is made part of the 'settlement agreement'.”) (Kokkonen v. Guardian Life Ins.
For instance, Mr Marriner stated this in the period between 19 June and 31 December 2007. The wind blew only three percent from Dragon's furnace onto the Darneys' property. However, about ten to twelve percent blew from the Dragon's furnace to Midas.
The guarantor may decide for himself and the person to be assured whether a claim or action in respect of a Note shall be settled, defended or appealed on the basis of liability, suitability or other belief.
Therefore, Jackson's allegations failed to prove Chief Surber's personal involvement in Jackson's arrest. He also failed to adequately assert a claim regarding supervisory responsibility under § 1983. Therefore, I grant the deman to decline these allegations regarding Chief Surber.
CFIT [sic] received financial support for this case from Internet domain registrars and pre-order service providers. This includes Pool.com, Inc. (“Pool.com”), Momentous, Inc. (“Momentous”) and R. Lee Chambers Company, LLC. They are collectively called “CFIT Supporters.”
MHV applies to a higher court because of that decision. They argue that the criterion determining the outcome,especially the emphasis on the applicant's plan to broadcast to underserved populations, violates either the Communications Act of 1934, which mandates equitable license distribution, or the Administrative Procedure Act because of arbitrariness.
He asserted three federal claims: (1) the defendants, acting both individually and jointly, and allegedly in conspiracy, deprived Beaman of a fair trial by withholding significant evidence, thus violating Brady (individual liability). (2) that the defendants conspired to deprive Beaman of evidence (conspiracy liability); and (3) the defendants did not intervene to prevent the violation of their rights (non-interference with liability).
Once accepted into the Minnesota Department of Corrections (“MDOC”) system, Brooks was subjected to a chemical dependency test that all new inmates are required to have under Minnesota law. It was later decided to transfer him to a lower security prison, give him a work permit and complete his treatment to avoid disciplinary sanctions.
Despite the requirement for respondent to process the request for a final decision within sixty (60) days, and the ability to compel suer to file a civil suit within ninety (90) days from the issuance of a final decision, repsondent failed to file a final decision until a month after suer’s civil suit was started.
Underwriting objectives include, among other things, the decision whether to issue a policy, the amount and terms of coverage, and whether to renew or cancel a policy.However, it is not necessary for the insurer to obtain a consumer report in order to evaluate the claim.
First, he argues that the second degree court abused its discretion in admitting the 2006 interview clips, his letter to the prisoner, and the facts he acknowledged in his plea agreement to the 2006 crime. This, he says, is because the danger of unfair prejudice significantly outweighs the evidential value.
Although we believe that the NTSB acted arbitrarily and capriciously in refusing to consider state law requiring Petitioner to pay for legal representation, we highlight several issues on which we have not decided. These issues are left open to the NTSB. Additionally, based on the statute at issue, we hold that Petitioner was subject to fees that entitle him to change fees.
In order to determine whether a court is competent to settle the case, the plaintiff must provide at least a reasonable or initial proof proving the court’s competence.
Plaintiffs argue that Defendants knew, or should have known, that Risperdal poses a significantly higher risk for new-onset diabetes mellitus or hyperglycemia than the older, cheaper, and equally effective “typical” antipsychotic drugs.
In addition, Palermo claims that his manager, Brittany Williams (Williams), who is a black female, and another one of his direct supervisors, Terry Green (Green) were aware of his applications regarding equal employment opportunity, which are the 2004 Case and the 2008 Case.
Arch did not take any actions on eight of those claims (Chart, Claims 13-20); however issued a denial letter for the ninth claim (Chart 21) on March 1, 2010. In this denial letter, Arch repeated its position that is stated before and additionally claimed an interfering Endorsement No.
It seems that respectful acts always get punished that in November 2015, the Federal Circuit then canceled this Court’s judgment that was given according to the facts of the case without having a full trial to Amphastar. And Federal Circuit ruled that ‘the provisions that may save Amphastar from liability if certain conditions are met” did not apply to its activities that had infringed the law.
This Court “may consider various factors, including whether the work performed was duplicative, if a lawyer takes extra time due to his/her inexperience, or if a lawyer performs tasks normally performed by non-lawyers.”
Obviously and to the extent more discussion on what makes something dispensable to a certain structures even necessary here: he essence of pots and pans is to contain and cook, and they can serve those functions with or without lids. While lids may complete or enhance that purpose, they are only secondary, and the lids only serve with the pots/pans to which they are intended to be fitted or combined.
Moreover, according to section 5121, the evidence that was either 'physically or by interpretation in the [deceased claimant’s] file at the time of his death must be taken into consideration in order to determine whether earned benefits must be given.Ralston v. West, 13 Vet.App.
We will pay all amounts that an “insured” legally must pay as the compensation because of the “bodily injury” or “property damage” occurred by an “accident and resulting from “garage operations” involving the ownership, maintenance or use of covered “autos” that are under the scope of this insurance.
If a prisoner "questions a reason or duration of his physical imprisonment" like here, and he wants "the court to determine that he should be released immediately or released from that imprisonment faster, his only legal solution provided under federal law is requesting to be called to the court." Preiser v. Rodriguez, 411 U.S. 475, 500, 93 S.Ct.
At the hearings, ST argued that since the document that establishes the premium plan, called the 2005 Flow Plan does not mention that renewal premiums will be payable after the MCL is reached, thus the renewal premium is not payable under ST’s premium plan.
Therefore, the government presented sufficient evidence for a jury to decide that defendant showed “all furniture, equipment, and fixtures” in each of the four properties listed as a guarantee, including the Restaurant, and that he falsely represented that no one else held any interest in the listed properties that are shown as a guarantee.
If the plaintiff manages to do so, the duty to provide sufficient evidence for the case passes to the defendant "to articulate some legitimate, nondiscriminatory reason for the employee’s rejection.” McDonnell Douglas, 411 U.S. at 802, 93 S.Ct.
However, The Court directly rejects those arguments, because the Court had previously dismissed those additional arguments during the September 7 hearing, and because the Court specifically narrowed Defendant's additional argument to the issue regarding the purchase, consumption, possession, or transportation of liquor or malt or brewed beverages, and because Defendant’s reply raises new issues to the arguments made so far, and as none of its additional filing nor Plaintiff's response raised those issues.
The closest Williams argues that a court standard called “Baze” which rules that a method of execution is unlawful if it creates a “substantial risk of serious harm” or an “objectively intolerable risk of harm” is in a heading in the briefs outline. The heading reads, “What is known of the State’s Revised protocol indicates that Williams will likely suffer needless, undue, and excruciating pain during execution.”
Neither party argues against this, but neither party provides any evidence as to what kind of hospital Plaintiffs would be placed in, what level of care they would receive, what services they would be entitled to during their hospitalizations, or the probable durations of their hospital stays.
In sum, Trader Joe’s has not shown that an “All Natural” label would imply or suggest ascorbic acid inferiority, which might violate the FDCA and FDA regulations. Thus the plaintiffs’ Juice-related claims cannot be prioritized.
For certainty, if she wants to win her alienation of affections case against the third party that caused the end of her marriage, Plaintiff must prove: (1) love and affection of her ex-spouse had for the plaintiff; (2) losses that the plaintiff suffered; and (3) this third party’s apparent acts, conduct, or enticement causing those affections to depart.
Even after the signing of the Contract, Starr and Carson each signed various purchase orders which indicated Jasmin’s address for delivery. Trina delivered the solar panels directly to Jasmin in Australia; and Jasmin accepted and installed the panels. Following acceptance and installments, at one point, Jasmin stated that Jasmin would pay the invoices in an email to Trina which was also sent to JRC.
While questioning whether the separate claims of Claim 1 and 9 of the ‘681 Patent are valid, Nash refers to Section 103 of the Patent Act. This Section forbids granting a patent for an invention where “the differences between the claimed invention and existing knowledge are in such a way that the claimed invention as a whole would have been obvious to an average expert practicing in the field that the invention is put forward before the patent application for the invention”. 35 U.S.C.
In doing so, the Board should be mindful that it “has a special obligation to read the filings without an attorney liberally.” Robinson v. Shinseki, 557 F.3d 1355, 1358-59 (Fed.Cir.2009).
The failure to adhere to this procedural instruction causes the notice of suspension “defective and invalid from the beginning.”
The responsibility is on the requester party to show, through the lawsuit, discovery and sworn statements, “that there is no genuine dispute as to any substantive law and [that] the requester has right to file lawsuit as a matter of law.” Fed.
The Court must therefore accept the defendants’ request for rejection if it answers three questions in the affirmative: (1) whether the defendants are, “provider[s] ... of an interactive computer service,” 47 U.S.C.
No unacceptable evaluations and nothing that really stands out in the weekly ... [training and HR pretty much agrees [sic] we don’t have a case: Perhaps Steve’s report will change in entirety based on 6th step info.
Merck now files a lawsuit to refuse, the state whistle-blower claim under Federal Rules, of Civil Procedure 12(b)(1) and - 12(b)(6), arguing that claim is privileged by the Illinois Human Rights Act, 775 ILCS 5/1-101 et seq.
In Fluorine’s view, Amtrak may seize private property for public use only “as a last resort” — “where it cannot practicably do otherwise” — and it urges the Court to engage in a searching, fact- specific review of Amtrak’s expropriation decision.
There is no indication on the face of the April 1988 rating decision that the RO did not consider the evidence of record or the application of § 4.16(b), and the Court cannot make a decision that it failed to do so on the basis of silence alone.
Should-the Court find that such costs constitute an economic injury sufficient to confer interest, “a private plaintiff bringing a UCL claim automatically would have protect interest by filing suit.” Cordon v. Wachovia Mortg., a Div.
The Veterans Court recognized its authority to release from obligation by way of supreme court order, noting that such relief “is a drastic one, to be invoked only in extraordinary circumstances.” Veterans Opinion at 1 (citing Kerr v. U.S. Dist.)
To the extent that Vivendi’s argument is that GAMCO should have unearthed information that would have led it to discount Vivendi’s misrepresentations, such arguments fails because mutual fault is not a defense to securities fraud.
The privilege “recognizes that sound legal advice or advocacy serves whole public and that such advice or advocacy depends upon the lawyer’s being fully informed by the client.” Upjohn v. United States, 449 U.S. 383, 389, 101 S.Ct.
Plaintiffs respond by noting that, according to the Amended Complaint, the parties engaged in discussions over an unexecuted draft Operating Agreement, which “contemplated that [the parties] would ‘operate the proton therapy center together.’” Pl.
The only exception to this general rule — one that is not applicable here — is if the transferor court already decided an issue (based on its own interpretation of the law) and thus the “the opinions of the circuit court have a binding effect on the case” governs that issue even in the receiver court.
In other words, a finding that pinniped predation is having a significant negative impact on the decline or recovery of protected salmonids does not mean that pinniped predation endangers those salmonids, as the term is used in the ESA context.
In determining whether Capital-Source retained a security interest in the cash proceeds, the court acknowledged that under § 9-332, “CapitalSource did not have a enforceable legal claim in the funds after Debtor [Delco Oil] transferred them to Marathon.”
The probation office filed a petition to repeal Defendant’s supervised release, alleging Defendant had been (1) associating with a convicted felon (a female) without permission, and (2) discharged from RRC for making threatening statements to a staff member.
Therefore, the court’s analysis in this Ruling focuses solely on the first step of the above inquiry: determining whether the state statutes “order or authorize a spontaneously antitrust violation.” Freedom Holdings IV, 624 F.3d at 49 (quotation marks and citation omitted).
Having considered the motions, responses, replies, supporting evidence, the argument of counsel, and the applicable law, the court will accept the summary decision proposal and dismiss all of Plaintiffs’ claims and dismiss all other pending motions for the reasons to follow.
Now pending before the court is the “Proposal to Dismiss Plaintiffs Second Amended Complaint Pursuant to Rule 12(b)(6) of Defendants Gene Byron Schenberg, Richard F. Huck, III, Michael J. McKitrick, Danna McKitrick, P.C., NetSecure Technologies, Ltd. and Daniel McCann.”
Due to the actions of the suers’, (1) the person they sued had to submit three additional petitions and (2) bear unjustified expenses. Also, (3) they extended the duration of the trial without a cause, and (4) wasted the time of both the person they sued and the Court.
During the interview, the person who is sued told Chief Koivunen that he had used methamphetamine in the previous week, but that he had been "awake for more than a week". He also added that he used methamphetamine "all day" on May 6. (Official Evidence)
Mrs. Carroll’s husband, Mr. Dodson, who was a veteran, passed away due to an injury or disease related to his service. However, she did not apply for Dependency and Indemnity Compensation (“DIC”), a benefit provided to surviving spouses of veterans who die from service-related causes, within two years of his passing.
Wendy’s thought that asking for a jury trial meant giving up the right to waive a jury trial as stated in the contract. However, the opinion lacks a clear explanation. Moreover, this opinion also does not directly address the question of whether the jury request complies with the content regulated in Rule 38(d).
The chapter 13 debtor, Gary D. Barbee (“Debtor”) filed an adversary action against U.S. Bank National Association. He did it as a receiver for the Truman FHA Trust 2008-1. Also, through its mortgage servicing agent BAC Home Loan Servicing (“Bank”), he tried to avoid the Bank’s interest in the house that he built under 11 U.S.C.
There is a court’s summary decision regarding suspected deception by taking advantage of the suers’ carelessness. Morgan Stanley has not yet responded to this summary decision. Despite this, I ordered the suers to show an explanation. They were asked to clarify why accusations of misleading negligence against Morgan Stanley should not be rejected. This request is based on my findings that Morgan Stanley did not make any legally significant false statements to the suers.
The Audit Report also acknowledged partial adherence to Standard 2100. Specifically, it mentioned an approach to performing risk assessment proceedings that is more comprehensive and standardized compared to the current practices at Chipotle. Likewise, the report recognized that IA considers the “level of detail” unnecessary or unsuitable for the Chipotle setting of Standard 2100.
God-frey, Ralph Thumma, Loretta Seneca, Michael Froio, and Andy Keller claim that all employees at HOPE would have acted as witnesses to the fact that Godfrey had not interfered with the sales process and that all sales were carried out by Burris and Fischer. In addition, they would have spoken up that Burris performed all hiring and training of employees; See Docket # 336, at 6-10.
This court has the authority to review a decision of the Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims in some respects. It may exercise this authority while determining whether “the decision of the Court is valid due to a rule of law or any statute or regulation” or examining “…any comment that was attributed by [CAVC] while giving a decision (except for the determination of a real issue).”. 38 U.S.C.
One of the legal challenger’s challenges to one of the Board decisions became legally clarified when the June 2008 Board decision was contested. It happened when he represented himself in court without the assistance of an attorney to recall the legal direction in February 2012. Later, he submitted his informal written argument, which included arguments concerning the merits of the request to a higher court on the underlying issue (Substantive Appeal) decided in the June 2008 Board decision.
In its papers opposing BDP’s motion for judgment, Deltech highlights the Stolt/BDP contract as the relevant agreement. This contract involved BDP’s agreement to perform goods transportation coordination duties for Stolt. Deltech points out that the violation alleged is the failure to properly prepare the shipping document for goods. Moreover, Deltech claims it has the benefits of third-party involvement in this matter.
“Unclean hands” is a self-imposed rule that if the person asking for help does injustice or acts in bad faith about the issue for which he or she seeks help, this behavior closes the doors of the court of justice. It derives from the motto about the principle of equality, “he who enters righteousness must come with clean hands.” Precision Instrument Mfg.
First, in the Civil Remedy Notice (a notice of legal action) filed with the State of Florida, Suer supposed that “adequate information has already been provided to guarantee the tender of policy limits” to the person she sued. After that, the suer reported that she was ready to accept the policy’s maximum payout to reach an agreement…” [DE 1-2 at 16].
Suer Laura J. Ramos alleged that her employer, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (“FBI”), treated her with unfairness based on her race (Count I), subjected her to adverse workplace conditions (Count II), and took revenge on her after she made a formal complaint to the administrative authorities (Count III).
Due to previously mentioned reasons, the Court RECALLS its May 31, 2013, decision, REFUSES Mrs. Tagupa’s request for permission to present additional evidence, ELIMINATES the Board’s August 2, 2011 decision, and SENDS the issue BACK to the Department of Veterans Affairs to verify the service from the Department of the Army.
Upon receipt of a letter disputing the factual accuracy of information in a consumer's documents, Section 1681i imposes a duty on a CRA. The duty is twofold: to conduct a reinvestigation and either delete the disputed information or disclose the status of the disputed information to the person raising the dispute.
However, suer chose not to go after a benefit rejection claim under § 1132(a)(1)(B). This decision was presumably made due to the significant authority that [the person sued] has in interpreting the terms of the Certificate.' Pursuing such a claim would require demonstrating that the used person’s decision to deny the suer’s claim was inconsistent and careless.
In cases like this, if a prisoner challenges the fact or duration of their physical imprisonment and seeks a determination for immediate release or a quicker release from that imprisonment, their only federal way out is to challenge the unlawful detention or imprisonment. (habeas corpus)." (Preiser v. Rodriguez, 411 U.S. 475, 500, 93 S.Ct.)
An example of an unfair work practice by a workers’ organization under the union and labor rights section of the CSRA is to “intervene, restrict, or compel any employee to exercise any of his rights”. A worker’s organization’s failure or refusal to comply with another provision of the relevant section also constitutes an unjustifiable work practice.
However, the Court notes that the clause allowing attorney’s fees in the Estate of Gaines is significantly comprehensive compared to the clause in this case. The clause in this case only permits payment for “charges accumulated in the trust management”. Restated Revocable Living Trust dated May 1, 2006, DN 27-6, p. 13.
Seeing that there is more evidence that the claim is likely to be false, the Board had to conclude that the evidence is enough to make a decision. The Board did not choose to trust the claim even though it was not certain about the truth.
Broad preventive bans that do not precisely address critical issues that legitimately affect the state cannot be subject to intermediate scrutiny.
The clause is referred to as the residual clause. In Johnson 2015, the Supreme Court held that the residual clause causes that the defendants are no longer given sufficient notice of a claim against them. It also leads judges to decide arbitrarily. Thus, the residual clause violates the due process clause of the Constitution.
Sony provided a message with the images and declared that no one at Sony could have known about Susan_14's photos without the help of something like a hash value system except for the case someone actually had used human eyes to review them.
The court concluded that the government cannot obtain a legitimate amount of share in an entireties property without depriving the innocent spouse of a part of the interest, if the spouses remain married to each other and the entireties estate.
The bankruptcy court decided in favor of NBI and banned White to re-litigate the commitment of fraud on November 9, 2011 and entered judgment in favor or NBI and against White in the amount of $378,486.17.
However, the DOC accepts that it is unfamiliar with the billing practices of most Minnesota shops. He admits that he reached this conclusion primarily based on representations from Reid, Rosar, Schmultz, and a few others affiliated with Minnesota’s auto-glass industry.
Accordingly, to receive a time extension, Ms. Cheeo must have exercised due diligence between the following dates: July 6, 2011 — the date of the Board decision — and October 6, 2011 — the date on which the Board decision was resent to her at her new address.
Over the course of almost one year, [the Plaintiff] received $108,500.00, possibly from the $424,233.00, which is unaccounted for. However, it is unclear whether the $108,500.00 came from one of the Trust Enterprise accounts, Defendant Birch’s IOLTA account, or an unknown account.”
The District Court found that the plaintiffs failed to allege a single specific instance in which a named Plaintiff worked overtime and was not compensated for this time. Accordingly, the Court held that the plaintiffs' overtime claim was factually inadequate.
Haddad alleges that Midland Funding is a collection agency licenced by the State of Illinois and collects or attempts to collect defaulted consumer debts originally owed to others.
The legislature uses the disputed phrase to mean the interpretation given by Defendants, rather than by Plaintiff. It is understood when one looks at these examples of the legislature’s multiple other uses of the disputed phrase and ones similar to it in other versions of the statute and the very enactment applicable here.
There is no enough evidence for the court to conclude whether Benedetto's arrest was either “a basic assumption on which the contract was made” or “foreseeable.” Thus, Delta may not use the doctrine of impossibility to defeat Benedetto’s breach of contract claim at this stage of the litigation when there is no further facts to support Delta.
It is claimed that there is an intention to provide the enhanced benefits to employees whose entities were sold but who continued working for the purchasing employer. But the references in the minutes to "retention" and "maintaining the status quo" relied on by the plaintiffs are not definitive. Therefore, the claimed intention cannot be construed by the Committee.
Defendant notes that the Department of Justice publicly has taken the position for almost 20 years the the highest willfulness standard applies to campaign-finance violations. This is indicated in both its manual published soon after Cheek and Ratzlaf but before Bryan and by its manual published almost 10 years after Bryan.
Even though Plaintiff asks for the rescission of the note and mortgage in his Complaint, he argues that determining on this does not require the Court to exercise jurisdiction over the property to grant judgment, nor does it result in the Court awarding possession of the property to any party.
The contracting officer tries to select the approach that will provide the best overall value to the Government. Because the relative importance of cost or price may vary. For example, when "the requirement is clearly definable and the risk of unsuccessful contract performance is minimal, cost or price may play a dominant role in source selection.”
First, the court must note the elements that should be pleaded by a plaintiff to state a claim. Second, the court should identify allegations. This is necessary because allegations are no more than conclusions, are not entitled to the assumption of truth. After that, if there are well-pleaded factual allegations, a court should assume they are true. Finally, the court should determine whether these well-pleaded factual allegations reasonably give rise to an entitlement for relief.
He advanced three federal claims. Firstly, he claimed that the defendants violated Brady because they withheld the evidence favorable to Beaman and deprived Beaman of a fair trial. The defendants acted individually, jointly, and in conspiracy in do in so (individual liability). Secondly, he claimed that the defendants made a conspiracy to deprive Beaman of material evidence favorable to him (conspiracy liability). Thirdly, he claimed that the defendants should have intervened in order to prevent the violation of his rights, but they failed to do so (failure to intervene liability). He advanced three federal claims. Firstly, he claimed that the defendants violated Brady because they withheld the evidence favorable to Beaman and deprived Beaman of a fair trial. The defendants acted individually, jointly, and in conspiracy in do in so (individual liability). Secondly, he claimed that the defendants made a conspiracy to deprive Beaman of material evidence favorable to him (conspiracy liability). Thirdly, he claimed that the defendants should have intervened in order to prevent the violation of his rights, but they failed to do so (failure to intervene liability).
Plaintiffs further allege that despite their license agreements were terminated, Daewo and its owner Ro, continued to rent and even sell plaintiffs' works that are infringing and pirated copies. These works were obtained via internet downloads and unauthorized personal copies and/or from defendant Korean Korner, Inc. (“Korean Korner”) and defendant Sun Yop Yoo (“Yoo”), the former owner of a now-defunct video store by the name of Ann Bang Video.
Darren L. DeFlanders (“DeFlanders”) goes to higher court against the decision of the United States Court of' Appeals for Veterans Claims (“Veterans Court”) which approves the decisions of the Board of Veterans’ Appeals (“the Board”). In the decision of the Board, firstly it is stated that De-Flanders had not submitted new and material evidence enough to restart the case for service-connected disability compensation for a left knee disability and spots on the lungs. Secondly, the court did not accept the claim on compensation for sports on the brain. Lastly, the court denied a disability rating in excess rating in excess of 10% for chest pain which is not related to heart.
Shortly, the Secretary argues that Article 4.85(a) requires the effective date for an increased disability claim to be set in accordance with the date a Maryland CNC test is administered adds words to the regulation that are not there. Also, it does not fit with the meaning of the section 5110(b)(3), which requires the effective date of a court decision of increased compensation to be “the earliest date as of which it is ascertainable that an increase in disability had occurred.” 38 U.S.C.
Given the judgement in Koloms, the question remaining for the Court is whether the underlying cases arose out of "traditional environmental pollution", such as the furnace leak in Koloms, which is an isolated, ordinary consequence arising from day-to-day operations and of the kind properly covered. This case falls within the definition, even though it is more art than science to determine when the isolated consequences of normal business operations end and “traditional environmental pollution” begins.
The factors considered by the court in determining penalties for Works Co. are as follows: 1. The defendant's genuine attempt to comply with the statute. 2. The level of culpability exhibited by the defendant. 3. The defendant's past record of violations, if any. 4. The importance of ensuring compliance with the relevant regulations for the public interest. 5. The nature and circumstances surrounding the specific violation in question. 6. The seriousness or gravity of the violation. 7. The financial capacity of the defendant to pay the penalty. 8. The appropriateness of the penalty's size in relation to the defendant's business and its impact on the defendant's ability to continue operations. 9. The penalty should not be disproportionately severe and should not shock the conscience of the court. 10. Any economic benefit gained by the defendant as a result of the violation. 11. The extent of harm caused to the public. 12. The value of upholding the authority of the regulatory agency. 13. Whether the party protected by the statute has received adequate compensation for any harm suffered. 14. Any other factors that the concept of justice may require.
In his claim for negligence, Plaintiff argues that Defendant NDI’s potentially acted carelessly since it 1) did not guarantee a proper chain of custody of the subject specimen; (2) did not communicate with Plaintiff and the test facilities any and all factors which could or did affect the testing; (3) did not consider and eliminate any and all factors which may improperly affect the tests; (4) did not provent testing results of and/or reporting of a “false-positive”; (5) did not pre-test interview Plaintiff to rule out abnormalities which could and/or did affect the tests; (5) did not maintain and/or cause to be maintained appropriate quality-control testing and/or reporting mechanisms and/or protocols; (6) did not act in accordance with procedures, regulations, protocols, and/or laws on reporting and/or testing; and (7) did not watch and/or control others’ compliance.
In the Two Left Feet treatment, there is a provision to include some "goofballs" for comic relief and a few exceptional contestants to create envy and competitiveness among the other participants. The treatment also mentions a host who is described as an ex-law enforcement officer and federal agent with a master's degree in Social Work. This host would utilize their background to manipulate the other host, who is a biochemist with an analytical nature and a temper. The biochemist would focus on evaluating competitors using scientific parameters like body fat and other statistics.
Defendants McQueen and Tonigan have been given permission by Judge Gordon Graham to act as special state's lawyers. They have the duty to look into and file accusations against SAO employees who abuse their official positions. They will concentrate on people who have given their friends, family members, or supporters privileged treatment in criminal cases.
Back then, the state-sponsored terrorism exception didn't create a separate legal claim on its own. Instead, it served as a way to redirect or channel claims against private individuals to existing laws. These laws could be found in federal, state, or international legal systems.
If the conduct in question took place before 2004, in order for the Kansas Securities Act to be applicable, the case must have been initiated within the time frame specified by that law. Alternatively, it needed to be initiated by July 1, 2010, which is five years after the Uniform Act came into effect.
To expose the conspiracy against him, Mr. Blaney asked the Veterans Court to assemble a special investigative committee. He also requested that the court make a summary judgment on his claims and issue an order that would allow him to file a lawsuit against both the Veterans Court and the VA.
During the suppression hearing at the District Court, evidence was presented and testimony was given by various individuals. The Government called Officer Hough as its witness, while the defense called five witnesses: Ismail, Delaine, Siddiqah, Tazke-yah, and Richard Thomas, III, who happened to be a friend of Mallory’s.
Typically, when an expert bases their opinion on the opinion of another expert, the credibility and weight of that opinion are considered, rather than its admissibility. This principle was established in the case Ferrara & DiMercurio v. St. Paul Mercury Ins.
According to the interpretation of Rule 8 by the Twombly case, a plaintiff's complaint should go beyond mere conceivability and instead "nudge" their claims towards plausibility. This standard was further affirmed in the Iqbal case, where it was emphasized that a complaint must meet this requirement.
In order to demonstrate this, a plaintiff can provide evidence that the employer's explanation is lacking credibility because it lacks any factual basis. This principle was established in the case Torgerson v. City of Rochester, where it was determined that such evidence can be used to challenge the employer's explanation.
During his testimony, he stated that he had difficulty comprehending courtroom procedures and understanding certain legal terms, such as "constitutional right," "consult with attorney," "inference," or "degree." These terms were used by the trial judge in conversations with Newman.
The legal validity of each claim made against the defendant, a foreign embassy, is being assessed. It is important to note that foreign embassies are generally protected from lawsuits based on the doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity, as outlined in the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (FSIA), found in Title 28 of the United States Code.
According to a statement presented in the amicus brief, alcohol dependence can progress to a stage where it becomes irreversible without professional assistance. At this point, the individual may lack the ability to independently refrain from further alcohol use. This suggests the importance of seeking professional help in such circumstances.
Likewise, in the case American Power & Light, the Court affirmed a delegation of authority to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). This delegation empowered the SEC to undertake necessary measures to prevent companies from distributing voting power among security holders in an unfair or inequitable manner. The court's decision can be found in the citation 329 U.S. at 104-105, 67 S.Ct.
The Board's decision was deemed appropriate in determining that the time that elapsed between the VA receiving notice in January 2009 and responding in September 2009 did not alter the fact that the veteran had knowledge of the situation. Furthermore, the Board concluded that this time delay did not lessen the veteran's responsibility in the matter. This information can be found in the record, specifically on page 9.
The Goldmans argue that HALO lacks a valid fraud claim because it is undeniable that HALO had full knowledge of the loss of the Track Group. According to Missouri law, for a fraud claim to be valid, a plaintiff must reasonably rely on a false statement.
Claimant said that on a nearly monthly basis between January 2009 and December 2009, she was treated at the clinic. The reason was that she could not breathe, and she had a body ache. Also her heart was beating fast, and she felt like she was dying, kept couging and spitting.
Whether a claim is subject to the Tucker Act depends on whether, “in whole or in part, it clearly or ‘in majority’ seeks more than $10,000 in monetary relief from the federal government.” Kidwell v. Dep’t of Army.
The parties in their briefing called the Notice of Lapse the "May 23 Notice." However, the Court will refer to it as the "May 24 Notice" because the Policy's grace period of 61 days began on May 24, which is when the notice was actually sent.
By letter dated June 5, 2007, Holzrichter replied to a question posed by a person of WisDOT: “Isn’t joining the Union your choice?” He answered saying that he could not join a union because of economic, moral and ethical concerns.
As a result of this issue, we need not address whether section 5121 of title 38 could be applied to FVECF claims. An additional reason is that section 5121 may be preempted by ARRA section 1002(c). This governs the scope of FVECF survivor claims.
Mr. Levis has accused indecencies about the tuition and fees. He alleged that Full Sail charged him for courses that he did not take. He has not provided any specifics about misrepresentations made by Full Sail or any other defendant.
Wesolowski complains that he first requested dental treatment on October 1, 2001, and that he was not examined by a dentist until April 11, 2002. He fails to allege any factual basis such that delay can be attributed to one or more of the defendants.
Dr. Wood also couldn't devise a permanent accomodation that would have allowed Crider to fulfill her duties with respect to site visits, conferences and other weekend events without at least some work or travel on Friday nights and Saturdays
The invention aims to: (1) prevent bubble fluid or (2) air from flowing back through the tube; (3) hold sufficient bubble fluid so as not to limit the quality of the bubbles; and (4) prevent bubble fluid from dripping down the outside of the tube onto the user.
As a result, the RO assigned Mr. Delisle a 100 percent disability rating for the period from April 7, 2010 to May 31, 2011, and assigned a 60 percent rating, along with a total disability rating based on individual usage for the period following May 31, 2011.
For ease of reference, these other creditors shall be referred to together as the “Lender Group.” As their agent, Mittman engaged in extensive case with the Judgment Creditors over the right to receive around $841,000.00 due to the Debtor from Vonage.
The Board noted that DC 5280 was potentially applicable in light of Mr. Copeland’s diagnosis of hallux valgus. The Board determined that his hallux valgus was only “slight to moderate without surgical resection,” and a separate disability rating was not requested.
The cases Regions offers in support of its argument do not examine this told requirement in any detail. They only make a passing reference to being “charged for the call.” See Osorio v. State Farm Bank, F.S.B., 859 F.Supp.2d 1326, 1329 (S.D.Fla.2012); Knutson v.
If not, analysis proceeds to step four, and the ALJ determines the claimant’s residual functional capacity (“RFC”). RFC is the ability to perform physical or metal work activities on a continued basis, despite limitations for the collective impairments.
Similar designs in the market and Huitink’s use of established engineering standards has existed. Huitink admits that he created his proposed alternative design solely for the purposes of this litigation.
After reviewing the relevant Ohio and federal statutes, he found that “abuse” is defined as “the willful application of injury, unreasonable capture, fear or punishment with resulting physical harm, pain or mental pain.”
In the example, claimants provide factual allegations that MacIntyre was not paid for a total of 76 hours of overtime between 2012 and 2014. Also, Sullivan was not paid overtime-for a total of 48 hours in 2013 and 2014.
The Government says that Mr. Haddad does not have reason to sue for the ’844 patent. Mr. Haddad transferred all important rights in the ’844 patent to only vital person Astornet, Gov’t Mot.
The First Circuit has held that “repay claims are kept so long as the payback is reasonably related to and grows out of the separation said by the agency.” Clockedile v. N.H. Dep’t of Corr., 245 F.3d 1, 6 (1st Cir.2001).
In order to survive a motion to reject regarding to Rule 12(b)(6) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, a defendant must plead enough factual reasons “to state a claim to explain that is possible on its face.” Twombly, 550 U.S. at 570, 127 S.Ct.
Usually,more weights given to the opinions of treating sources, even "controlling weight," if they are well supported by medically acceptable clinical and laboratory diagnostic techniques and not conflicting with other real evidence (20 CFR 416.927(d)2).
Trooper Rivera, working under the name “Jose,” then told Haskell that he could make up for the botched drug deal by burning down a house in Springfield and an abandoned property in Holyoke, Massachusetts, as part of a fictional safeguard scam “Jose” was probably arranging.
If an exceptional disability picture is found, the RO or Board must determine whether related factors exist such “as marked interference with employment or frequent periods of hospitalization as to provide unsuitable the application of the regular schedular standards.” 38 C.F.R.
Back in open court, the judge put on the record what he had ruled (he would • allow evidence that Lawson failed to report earning but not evidence that Lawson failed to file tax returns), but not why he reached these conclusions or how he thought a jury could make proper use of the tax evidence.
As I explained at summary judgment, to determine whether a accused has met its burden of proving the routine maintenance exception, courts examine the projects, taking into account the 1) nature and extent, 2) purpose, 3) frequency, and 4) cost of the activity to arrive at a common-sense finding.
To win on such a claim, the complainant must establish that: (1) he is a member of a protected class; (2) was subjected to unwelcome sexual harassment; (3) the harassment was based on sex; (4) the harassment created a hostile work environment; and that (5) the employer is indirectly responsable.
While several circuits have held that merely placing child pornography in a shared folder on a file sharing network warrants application of a distribution enhancement, no circuit has relied on the Sentencing Guidelines definition of “distribution” to explain the meaning of the term in § 2252(a)(2).
Therefore, “if a restriction or condition is not reasonably related to a legal goal — if it is arbitrary or purposeless a court justly may infer that the purpose of the governmental action is punishment that may not inseparably be inflicted upon prisoners.”
Lastly, he claim that on August 20, 2014, he learned the “forms never reach[ed] [the New] Orleans[] [RO]” and “the counselor [] was upset that [he] continue® to call asking about these form[s] and want[ed] to know who [] [he] had been talking to,” and refused to filed a notice of reconsideration.
A jury is not required to accept an expert’s opinion, and accused’ experts present different opinions, but a jury could reasonably find, on the basis of complainant’ experts’ opinions, that it is more likely than not that one of defendants’ PIFs was contaminated and caused E.B.’s illness,
Approximately one week later, the FTC and Defendant filed a Consent Judgment and Order in which Defendant agreed to, among other things, not assess or collect “any Fee for a Default-Related Service unless it is a reasonable Fee charged ... for a Default-Related Service that is actually performed.” (Doc.
The date of admission to a non-VA hospital where a veteran was maintained at VA expense will be accepted as the date of receipt of a claim, if VA maintenance was previously authorized; but if VA maintenance was authorized subsequent to admission, the date VA received notice of admission will be accepted.
Ms. Haynes later submitted a request to the Regional Office to reopen her claim on the presentation of new documentation showing a decision by the Army Board of Correction of Military Records (“ABCMR”) to award Ms. Haynes an set-aside as a “former partner” under the Uniformed Services Former Spouse Protection Act (“USFSPA”).
Five months after Mayor Graf was elected, he published a “From Your Mayor” opinion piece in the Farmingdale Observer, which stated, in part: “We have defined an area of the Village for possible redevelopment and have ... put this plan on the ‘front burner.’ Much of the property [near] Secatogue Avenue ... is within the ‘blighted’ area.”
The district court had federal question jurisdiction over the § 1983 claim and supplemental authority over the state-law gross negligence claim, and "a federal court exercising supplemental authority over state law claims is bound to apply the law of the forum state to the same extent as if it were exercising its diversity authority.” Bass v. First Pac
Those guidelines, the 2005 Flow Plan explicitly provides, are set forth in “SunTrust Mortgage guidelines that are currently being used and have been both sided agreed upon.” The partial integration belief obtains in situations where, wholly unlike this one, the written instrument is silent on a material issue and consequently fails to impart a “complete legal duty.”
On appeal to this Court, the candidate argued that she satisfied the criteria for non-service-connected burial benefits because (1) the phrase “in receipt of repayment” in section 2302(a)(1) should be interpreted to include those veterans who were entitled to receive repayment at death, and (2) Mr. Wingard was entitled to receive repayment at the time of his death because 38 U.S.C.
In order to establish a self-evident case for discrimination under § 1981, the complainant must show that (1) it is a member of a protected class; (2) it sought to enter into a contractual relationship with the accused; (3) it met the accused’s ordinary requirements to enter into a contract with it; (4) it was denied the opportunity to enter into a contract with the accused that was otherwise afforded to companies owned by whites.
Courts may issue a writ of law only if three conditions are satisfied: 1) the candidate must demonstrate that he lacks adequate alternative means to attain the desired relief, thus ensuring that the writ is not used as a substitute for the appeals process, 2) the candidate must demonstrate a clear and indisputable right to the writ, and 3) the court must be convinced, given the circumstances, that the issuance of a writ is warranted.
In determining when an action is commenced by the Secretary of Labor under this subsection for the purposes of the statutes of limitations provided in section 255(a) of this title, it shall be considered to be commenced in the case of any individual applicant on the date when the complaint is filed if he is specifically named as a party candidate in the complaint, or if his name did not so appear, on the subsequent date on which his name is added as a party candidate in such action.
While a federal court may exercise authority to hear additional claims over state law claims “that are so related to claims in the action within [the Court’s] original jurisdiction that they form a part of the same case or controversy under Article III of the United States Constitution,” a court may decline to hear the claim where it “has rejected all claims over which it has original jurisdiction.” Indeed, unless “consideration of judicial economy, convenience and fairness to parties” weigh in favor of the exercise of the Court exercising authority to hear additional claims, “a federal court should hesitate to exercise jurisdiction over state claims.” Because Claimants argument fails to state an applicable federal claim, and because this case is at the beginning stages of the case, the Court declines to exercise authority to hear additional claims over Claimants state law claims at this time.
While there is no evidence in the Thurman opinion that the claimant expressly oppose to the application of the limitations provision on the basis of the change in corporate organization, this Court finds the Sixth Circuit’s application of the Chrysler Corporation provision instructive; in the absence of evidence or legal authority to the contrary, the agreement with Pinnacle prevent a decision of a legitimate expectation of fair cause employment.
In this matter, Dr. Pence offers four opinions: (1) BSC did not conduct sufficient testing of the Pinnacle product before releasing the product; (2) the Pinnacle product was insufficiently labeled; (3) patients could not sufficiently agree to the surgical implantation of the Pinnacle due to the misbranding of these products; and (4) BSC failed to fulfill the post-release cautionary standard of care for their products, leading to further mis-branding.
However, even if the Claimant does so and makes out a evidently a counter claim for reprisal because “there is evidence that the change in the terms and conditions of a job that puts the Claimant in a worse position was motivated in part by protected speech, the government can avoid responsibility if it can show that it would have done the same change in the terms and conditions in the absence of the protected speech.” Heil v. Santoro, 147 F.3d 103, 109 (2d Cir.1998).
Moreover, any such conclusion is contradicted by Commerce’s reference to its final determination in Galvanized Steel and Wire From the People's Republic of China, which describes Commerce's balancing practice for the AD cash deposit rate as introduced only on the concept that domestic subsi dies had a similar effect upon export and domestic prices.
Ms. Swanson also argues that the Veterans Court failed to decide an issue correctly, but she does not support this claim with anything more than the phrase “controversies to which the United States shall be a part” followed by citations to two Supreme Court cases addressing the extent of the courts’ power under Article III.
However, other Ninth Circuit cases explain exactly when detention becomes “lengthened”. First, in Nadarajah v. Gonzales, the Ninth Circuit reviewed Supreme Court cases and found that the Court had “used the six-month period as the standard of reasonableness.” 443 F.3d 1069, 1080 (9th Cir.2006).
Based on the totality of the circumstances—the unidentified caller claiming to have eye-witness knowledge, the simultaneous reporting of the activity, and the detailed nature of the description of the person holding the firearm, which the PRPD matched to Rivas-Castro—the call was reliable.
Citadel further claims that it has been damaged by “breach of the parties’ agreement”. It is because Citadel has lost the benefit of the bargain it would have enjoyed if it had been able to complete the project and lease it to [WRMC], as stated in the subsequent agreement.
Claimants also admit that “the Complaint and the exhibits ... claim of a pattern of blackmail extending to just under one year,” but they argue- that “the ‘two year’ requirement in order to establish closed-ended continuity is not a clearly defined rule.”
In her summary judgment briefs, Otico presented a surprise argument (a surprise to Hawaiian and to the Court, anyway) that Hawaiian failed to pay her for ten minutes of time she worked on each of eight separate days after she’d completed the training program.
Although the title suggests wartime, section 1157 covers the repayment rates in sub-chapter II "to those veterans who served during a period of war and during any other time, who have suffered a disability during duty in each period of service.”
Tutin also wrote that Santangelo tried hard to get familiarize even though he was expected to recognize problems and react more quickly moving forward and that Tu-tin expected Santangelo to transform Alsip into a more powerful and flexible group capable of tackling industry challenges.
Without an admission from GEICO, medical statement from an expert or her treating physician, or conditions of the type that lay members of the jury could assume from the evidence a causal connection between accident and harm, Blair is unable to make that showing as a matter of law.
The Board also found that the medical evidence of record, especially the 2011 examiner’s report, showed that other post-service harms and normal wear and tear of age and his employment as a truck driver, not any basic training harm, most likely caused Vann’s lower back pain.
Finally, contrary to Respondent Hernandez’s claims, the Report established that, based upon the “supporting documentation, it appears that [EPFCU] continued a loss of at least $19 million resulting from the actions of their former employee ... Hernandez.” Report 4 (emphasis added).
The Second “Changed” Complaint makes clear that the private party helping the government is claiming that Boston Heart’s claims were “legally false” because, according to the private party helping the government, Boston Heart certified that the tests it performed were medically necessary even though they were not medically necessary for certain populations.
Relying on these cases and a word-based analysis of the provisions at issue, Husic argues that § 212(h) has been made unavailable only to a foreign who was admitted as an LPR (Lawful permanent residents), rather than one who, like Husic, got familiar to LPR status once already in the United States after lawful entry as a visitor.
Similarly, the fact that the regulation authorizes a single extra-schedular evaluation— “an extra-schedular evaluation” — arising from the “disability or disabilities” shows that officially sending someone for extra-schedular evaluation may be based on the collective impact of the veteran’s disabilities.
Considering the policy and purpose behind Rule 13(a), the court allowed the claim to go forward because it found no sign of the “a procedure that allows for repeated lawsuits that Rule 13(a) was aimed at preventing,” since the claimants bringing of multiple actions was required by statute.
Second, appointing a temporary manager does not require the appointing authority to provide the same benefits. If it did, then the on-leave worker could hold that the position was filled on a permanent basis while she was on FMLA leave.
Once the claimant properly makes a summary-judgement motion, the load shifts onto the defendant - or “the party who has the requirement of proof at trial,” Geshke v. Crocs, Inc.
Furthermore, the defendant argues in her Opposition that the Act was done “to keep D.C. residents out of harm’s way”. Therefore it creates a “general public duty.” Pl.’s Opp’n to Defs.’ Mot.
In addition, the Secretary states that “it is clear [that DC] 5284 is not applicable in this case". The simple language of that DC “forbids rating a foot condition ... that was not the result of an in-service injury.”
Defendant argues that her wrongful termination claim “does not fit within the limitations of the WLAD, FMLA or WFLA because she did not meet the required number of hours worked in the year prior to the beginning of her claim.”
The State of South Dakota filed case on its own hand in state court in this case, at a time of its own choosing, with its hand-picked defendants. Hence, no such unfair bias is present, and FAG Bearings can suitable be identified.
The Government has called at trial two so-called “cooperating witnesses,” ie, said co-workers of the defendants who have pleaded guilty and who are “cooperating” with the Government by testifying at trial in hopes of receiving a sentence reduction.
A lease agreement is a very common form of agreement between parties, whereby a lease owner not wanting of drilling at the time agrees to assign the lease, or some portion of it (in common or in parts) to another operator who is wanting of drilling the act."
Mr. Washington thinks that the Veterans Court should have decided the gunshot wound claim in his favor without requiring a custody. He raises factual issues of sufficiency of the evidence regarding his duty status at the time he was shot, and issues of his credibility.
The Fourth Circuit argued that Geriatric Release does pot provide younglings with the opportunity to obtain release “based on shown maturity and recover,” as required by Graham. The Parole Board has the authority to deny release “for any reason all.”
Before this court, Mr. Smith sees the Plan as a settlement agreeement and argues that the Veterans Court faiiled to enforce the settlement agreement. Mr. Smith wants that we repeat his case to the Veterans Court with instructions. Veterans Court should enforce the settlement agreement approved by this court in NOVA.
The court will accept Martinez’s declaration as evidence of the hours she worked and wages she received. This is because the plaintiff has not provided time-sheets and the defendant has not responded. However, the court will not accept any relief beyond what is sought in the complaint.
The development of the plan involved shifting and re-shifting portions of the county from one district to another. The commissioners relied heavily on Brace in developing the remedial plans and deferred to Brace and their attorneys regarding the plans’ legality.
The difficulty of alternative definitions for assault on a female is further highlighted in the more recent cases arising out of the North Carolina courts of appeals, which seem to recognize proof of either force or violence, particularly in cases where a battery based on force alone, even if only slight, provides the basis for the “assault” element of the crime.
The Wisconsin Supreme Court said that chapter 980 did not require dismissal of Gilbert’s commitment bill because the chapter does not contain language allowing for rejection in his cases. It does not set a time period for execution of a commitment order. And it provides that an individual may be simultaneously done under chapter 980 and jailed at a DOC facility.
The Fraternal Order of Police Penn-Jersey Lodge 30 (“FOP”) sued the Delaware River Port Authority (“DRPA”) to order the DRPA to submit to binding interest arbitration over the terms and conditions of employment for the patrol officers, corporals, and sergeants whom FOP represents and whom DRPA employs.
Third, if the Supreme Court concludes in Welch that Johnson is retroactive, failing to hold the applications in abeyance could deprive petitioners of the benefit of Johnson’s retroactivity and render a determination of retroactivity meaningless as a practical matter. Because applications for second or successive petitions based on Johnson arguably must be filed before June 26, 2016 (we do not decide that question now).
The court considered Peters’s reliance on United States v. Quinones, where the court granted the defendant’s request for a stay of forfeiture, reasoning that if the government were to sell the four parcels in such a slumped market, they would be foregoing any potential for appreciation in value once the market recovers; this loss will ultimately be borne by the defendant if the forfeiture order is reversed on appeal.
On appeal, Niehaus reinterprets the accepted facts of this case and attempts to paint USB as an " ‘eyes wide open’ participant in the fraud." She bases her allegation that USB conspired with her on the assertions that USB knew of her unlawful conduct by early 2010 when it confronted her about her fraud and asked her to resign; one of USB’s owners refused her resignation and thereby allowed her to continue to embezzle funds; USB advised her to withdraw D.C. and J.C.'s funds and transfer the money to another bank; and in the civil suit, USB agreed to release Niehaus from any and all claims relating to the litigation.
For example, Mr. Mitchell could have appealed the September 2003 decision, challenged its determination that new and material evidence had not been submitted, and raised the fact that VA never responded to the December 1973 audiogram, but failed to do so. The Federal Circuit explicitly rejected almost identical objections in Beraud, see 766 F.3d at 1406 n. 1.
The primary reason for a court granting permission to involve a third party in a lawsuit is to enhance the efficiency of the judicial process. This is achieved by eliminating the need for the defendant to file a separate lawsuit against a third individual who might share some responsibility or liability for the plaintiff's original claim.
The central question is whether USAA should be considered a corporation or an unincorporated association for diversity jurisdiction purposes, as a reciprocal insurance exchange is essentially a network of contractual relationships between subscribers who agree to provide insurance to each other, facilitated by a common agent with power of attorney.
The purpose of the FDCPA, enacted by Congress in 1977, was to put an end to unfair and abusive practices by debt collectors. It aimed to ensure that debt collectors who refrain from such practices are not at a competitive disadvantage, and to encourage consistent state actions in safeguarding consumers against debt collection abuses.
For example, in the case of Potts (882 F.2d at 1324), it was argued that a statute altering the principles of contributory and comparative negligence in state tort law should be considered a substantive rule of law applicable to federal courts in diversity cases. Similarly, in Winningham v. Swift Transportation, the issue of simplification was not specified.
If an official's conduct did not violate a clearly established constitutional right or if it was objectively reasonable for the official to believe that their conduct did not violate such a right, they are protected by qualified immunity.
Here, relying on its president’s testimony, plaintiff alleges that “stock ownership [in Patriot Lines and Vessel Operations] was restricted to the Brophys and that the two companies existed as a ‘facade for the [Brophys’] operations.’ ”
But the core issue is more protection. If you want, we can provide for the families of those who are going through the most horrific time in their life. I think we have to do it.
Instead, the conventional and suitable methods for challenging uncertain but admissible evidence involve thorough cross-examination, presenting contradictory evidence, and providing clear instructions on the burden of proof.
Standards like these are crucial because, even if a regulation appears to be content-neutral on the surface, granting unchecked discretion to government officials or agencies can potentially lead to censorship.
According to the Agreement, the arbitrators are required to reach their decision within 60 days after the hearing concludes. Additionally, the final and binding decision will be determined by the majority decision of any two arbitrators from the three-arbitrator panel.
In this case, Giwa has not provided any evidence to challenge Landes' affidavit. Landes' affidavit presents her understanding of the facts upon which she formed the conclusion that Giwa was underperforming in his role as a Senior Urban Planner and had made mistakes deserving a lower rating.
Underwriting purposes encompass various considerations such as determining whether to issue a policy, setting the coverage amount and terms, and deciding whether to renew or cancel a policy. However, it's important to note that an insurer is not allowed to obtain a consumer report for the specific purpose of evaluating a claim.
According to the record, on that specific date, the court found the defendant guilty as charged in the information and issued an order for a Judgment of Conviction to be entered on the record. Additionally, the court ordered the defendant to be remanded into the custody of the Milwaukee County Sheriff's Department.
The question at hand is whether an insured has the right to collect overall settlements from subcontractors, independently determine that they will be allocated to uninsured damages, and subsequently pursue the insurers responsible for covering the damages if the loss had been appropriately assigned to that policy.
The Supreme Court provided a brief explanation regarding this matter in relation to the Fair Housing Act, stating that if a tester has experienced harm in the exact manner that the statute aims to prevent, then regardless of the motive for filing the lawsuit, an injury has taken place.
Regarding past performance, the solicitation notified offerors that the government would evaluate their performance history, particularly major or critical aspects of the requirement, to assess the likelihood of successfully fulfilling the solicitation requirements.
In diversity cases, a federal court can exercise personal jurisdiction over a non-resident defendant if two conditions are met. First, the court must have jurisdiction under the state's long-arm statute. Second, the exercise of jurisdiction must comply with constitutional due process. This principle was established in the case Nichols v. G.D. Searle & Co., 991 F.2d 1195, 1199 (4th Cir. 1993).
A decision is deemed "final and appealable" when it meets two criteria. First, it must substantially impact and affect substantive rights. Second, it must conclusively determine the specific issue it addresses. This principle was articulated in Dye v. Brown (In re AFI Holding, Inc.), 530 F.3d 832, 836 (9th Cir. 2008), citing Schulman v. California (In re Lazar), 237 F.3d 967, 985 (9th Cir. 2001).
Upon entering the Minnesota Department of Corrections ("MDOC") system, Brooks underwent a chemical-dependency assessment, as mandated by Minnesota law for all new inmates. It was determined that Brooks must complete treatment in order to be transferred to a lower-security prison, become eligible for work release, and prevent disciplinary penalties.
There are two conditions under which the need for expedited processing is justified. Firstly, if not obtaining expedited processing would create an immediate threat to the life or physical safety of an individual. Secondly, if the requester is primarily involved in disseminating information and can demonstrate an urgency to inform the public about actual or alleged activities of the Federal Government. This is governed by 5 U.S.C. (United States Code).
In a decision dated 19 June 1995, the Director of Revenue provided relief from the capital gains tax surcharge, interest for late payment, and related penalties for the year 1991. The granted relief amounted to FRF 250,401 on the principal amount owed and FRF 130,208 on the interest and penalties.
"To the best of our knowledge, there have been no successful claims for loss or damage to movable property supposedly resulting from National Guard or Cyprus Government action, as providing 'legal proof' in such cases is challenging."
"... Judicial decisions are adopted by the courts in the name of Ukraine and are obligatory for execution throughout the entire territory of Ukraine."
On 27 May 2005, the company's representative wrote to the Ministry of Finance, requesting compensation for the company's nationalized property under the Presidential Decree. On 14 June 2005, the Minister of Finance responded, among other things, in the following terms:
On August 12, 2004, the local department of the State Securities and Stock Market Commission fined the applicant company for not adhering to the regulations on the market circulation of shares.
(2) A general protection, applicable to all individuals and entities, preventing them from being forced, under threat of punishment, to provide answers to questions that could lead to self-incrimination.
The accused must be present at the hearing. However, for minor offenses that do not result in a custodial sentence or in cases involving objections, matters unrelated to the merits of the case, or civil interests, the accused may be represented by counsel.
On 10 March 1992 the applicant, as he arrived from Rio de Janeiro, was arrested at Lisbon Airport; he was carrying a false passport and a suitcase containing 1.5 kg of cocaine.
On 10 August 1999 the prosecutor of the Public Prosecutor’s office overturned this decision on the ground that the investigator had not taken all procedural measures that could be accomplished in the applicant’s absence.
On 12 April 2001, the Supreme Court dismissed an appeal by the applicant against the decision of 5 March 2001 under the extraordinary review procedure.
On 1 March 1990 Edificaciones March Gallego S.A. appeared before the same court and declared their intention of applying to have the proceedings against the company set aside. The document giving notice of that intention,submitted by the company's lawyer (procurador), Mrs I., stated, "...on 26 February last, the summons and copies of the application for proceedings for payment were handed to my client..."
On 24 January 2004 the District Court (käräjäoikeus, tingsrätten) ordered in camera that the applicant's arresting , with the deadline for bringing charges set for 17 June 2004. This decision was not subject to appeal.
"A child of a single adopter is not eligible for special child benefits unless the single adopter passes away, as per clause 2. Additionally, eligibility arises if one or more of the conditions outlined in clause 3(iii) to (v) are satisfied, or if the child has been adopted as a stepchild and one or more of the conditions specified in clause 3(ii) to (vi) are met."
The applicant submits that he was not informed about the majority of the scheduled court sessions at which his arresting was extended, therefore he could not attend them.
There was no intention to humiliate or to debase the applicant and the prison authorities did not undertake any action in order to humiliate him.
On 15 May 1996 a Customs and Excise appointed drug financial investigation officer advised the applicant’s  legal representatives that he was conducting an investigation into their client's financial affairs. He requested to interview the applicant to aid the court in determining whether he had benefited from drug trafficking. The applicant chose not to participate in the interview.
On 13 October 1999 the applicant was informed that the execution of the judgment was stayed pending the supervisory review proceedings.
On 22 July 1997, the İzmir State Security Court found the applicants guilty as charged. Yahya Keser was sentenced to fifteen years, Nedim Öndeş to fourteen years and seventeen months, Arap Doğan to two years and eleven months, and Ferhan Özçelik and Selhan Tekin to three years and nine months of imprisonment.
The Court of Appeal's judgment did not include an evaluation of the reliability of the statement provided by the anonymous witness or as to the validity of the witness’s desire to remain anonymous.
On 27 December 1995 the Court of Cassation reverse the applicant’s conviction on the ground that he should have been convicted of the offence under Article 146 § 1 of the Turkish Criminal Code. It referred the case to the Ankara Assize Court (ağır ceza mahkemesi). The criminal proceedings are still pending before the latter court.
On 4 February 2002, the applicant followed the instructions outlined in the decision of 1 February 2001 and re-submitted his complaint about the Prefect's decision of 9 June 1999 to the Preobrazhenskiy District Court.
A license must be canceled if it has been misused to the extent that the holder is no longer considered suitable to provide the service. In less serious cases, a warning may be issued. Additionally, the license must be canceled if the service is not maintained (Chapter 3, sections 1 and 2, of the 1979 Act).
On 15 November 2000 E. was examined at the clinic by Dr H. That session was also recorded on video. No meeting with the applicant was scheduled regarding the results of that examination.
It seems that a copy of this judgment was sent to and received by the first applicant on 31 June and 4 July 2003, respectively. Additionally, it appears that the second applicant received a copy of this judgment in person at the Court of Appeal on 15 August 2003.
Subsequently, he filed a case with the Munich Labour Court to annul his dismissal. He contended that a "moral dilemma" had hindered him from performing the requested examination.
It seems that the applicant was invited to participate in two preparatory meetings held by the Social Welfare Board on 15 March and 2 April 2002. However, the applicant did not attend.
The proposed law allows the States to consent in advance to the involvement of other Parties on a ship flying their flag  or located within their territorial waters.
On the morning of 19 February 1993, the applicant was brought to the Derik district military police headquarters. He was released on the same day.
The applicant, Ms Izabella Paar, holds dual citizenship from Hungary and Australia. Born in 1929, she resides in Perth, Australia. A prior application (no. 22762/93) was deemed inadmissible by a Committee on 7 April 1994.
According to the directive from the General Directorate of National Roads and Highways, the amount owed was paid to the applicant on 22 December 1998. The applicant asserts that the payment was made on 4 January 1999. The total amount received was TRL 368,837,000.
The relevant domestic law is described in the Court's decision in Aydın İçyer v. Turkey (no. 18888/02, §§ 44-54, 12 January 2006) and in its judgments in Doğan and Others v. Turkey (nos. 8803/88, 8813/02, and 8815-8819/02, §§ 31-35, ECHR 2004-VI) and İpek v. Turkey (no. 25760/94, §§ 96-103, ECHR 2004II (extracts)).
On 21 June 1999 the applicant federation submit an ordinary appeal against that decision with the Central Electoral Council, which refused the appeal in a decision of 23 June 1999.
The applicant is a Milan-based company represented before the Court by Vito De Honestis, a lawyer practising in Milan.
At the material time section 54 of the Law of 17 June 1966 on Enforcement Proceedings in Administration (“the 1966 Act”) provided that a creditor had a right to submit a complaint about excessive length of enforcement proceedings with an authority superior to that carrying them out.
The applicant ultimately raised a complaint about a violation of the principle of equality of arms, citing that its appeal on points of law had been deemed inadmissible by the Supreme Court, whereas a similar appeal on the same grounds submitted by the defendant had been accepted.
On 11 April 1994, the Tarnów Regional Prosecutor added additional charges against the applicant. These included multiple counts of obtaining credit under false pretenses, forgery of financial documents, and issuing bad cheques.
On January 5, 1983, October 26, 1982, March 1, 1981, and November 9, 1982, respectively, the applicants were arrested on suspicion of being members of an illegal organization.
According to the Government, a medical examination of Mr Lecha Khazhmuradov’s body, conducted on an unspecified date, reported that he had died due to an extensive open wound to the head with a calvarias bone fracture and complete ejection of his brain matter.
On 29 July 1994, the Sosnowiec District Court ordered the obtaining of two psychiatric reports to determine the applicant's criminal responsibility.
The applicant, Mr Markward von Loesch, is a German citizen born in 1938 and residing in Berlin. He is legally represented by Mr T. Gertner, an attorney practicing in Bad Ems.
Established in 1947,  special parliamentary committees examined the details of violent acts occurring after the liberation in 1945, leading to the initiation of several criminal proceedings. These investigations persisted until February 1948, when the democratic constitution of Czechoslovakia was once again undermined.
In his appeal to the Board for Accident Compensation (tapaturmalautakunta, olycksfallsnämnden) on 15 June 1993, the applicant requested that the decision of the insurance company be overturned, and he sought compensation for his rash as an occupational illness.
On 19 September 2002, the Wroclaw Regional Court prolonged the applicant's pre-trial detention. The court provided a concise justification, stating that there was a reasonable suspicion against the applicant. Considering the potential severe sentence and the applicant's involvement in a criminal group, the court deemed only his detention could ensure the proper progress of the proceedings.
Everyone has the right to freely collect, store, use, and share information through oral, written, or other means of their choice.
On 10 July 1995 the applicant was discharged by the company “Daka-lift” d.o.o Skopje (“the employer”) where he worked as a lift repairman.
On 28 February 2006 the applicant went to the United Kingdom. The Government stated that the applicant left following their request of 24 February 2006. However, the applicant stated that he had not received the Government's letter and that he had left Cyprus to visit his sister, who permanently resided in the United Kingdom.
The relevant domestic law is summarised in the case of Romashov v. Ukraine (no. 67534/01, §§ 16-19, 27 July 2004).
The obligation stems from section 71 of the Social Services Act 1980 (Socialtjänstlagen, 1980:620), with subsections 2 and 4 as follows:
The applicants are all Turkish nationals who were residing in Halitpınar village at the time of the alleged events leading to the present application. The facts of the case are in dispute between the parties and can be summarized as follows.
The Regional Court determined that the overall situation in Libya did not automatically qualify asylum seekers from Libya for asylum. Therefore, it needed to be established whether, based on his personal situation, the applicant had valid reasons to fear persecution as defined by the 1951 Geneva Convention relating to the Status of Refugees.
The District Court judge shall schedule a hearing after conducting any necessary preliminary inquiries (Article 451(4)).
On 4 November 2003, the applicant received information about the date and venue of the hearing of his case from the Presidium.
During the second pregnancy of the applicant’s partner, the relationship began to suffer. In order to lighten the situation, the applicant moved out in November 1992, but remained in close contact with both his partner and his son. The pregnancy ended in a miscarriage.
On 30 January 1980 the Internal Revenue Service forwarded a complaint to the police asserting that the activities of the applicant and SCE appeared to involve violations of Danish tax laws and the Penal Code.
Mr Altun says that he was forced to various forms of ill-treatment: he was suspended by his arms (which were tied together), beaten, sprayed with cold water and deprived of sleep. He further complains that he was blindfolded and his testicles were wrung.
"At the request of the applicant authority, the requested authority shall, in accordance with the applicable legal or regulatory provisions, take all necessary measures in order to:"
On 16 April 1996, the Municipal Court, after reviewing a significant volume of documentary evidence and hearing from the parties involved, affirmed the Land Office's decision. The court, denying the applicant permission to appeal, stated in particular:
From May 1996 until October 1999, as he had been reaccepted by the Constanţa Bar, he paid monthly Bar fees and UAR fees totaling 1,983,000 Romanian lei (approximately 225 euros [“EUR”], based on the average exchange rate for the relevant period).
Subsequently, the applicant revoked the power of attorney given to his lawyer, and the Szczecin Regional Bar (Okręgowa Rada Adwokacka) appointed another counsel for him.
The applicant, Mr David Sanders, is a British national who was born in 1948 and lives in Cambridge. He was represented before the Court by Royds Rdw, reperesentatives in London. The United Kingdom Government (“the Government”) were represented by their Agent, Mr C. Whomersley of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office.
On 17 November 1994, he notified the tenant that the order for possession would be enforced by a bailiff on 16 December 1994.
Although the children have a positive relationship with the father, their involvement is restricted. The children express a desire not to live with the father. The father seeks the restoration of his parental authority to play a more central role in providing assistance to the children.
On 19 January 2001 the applicant brought a civil claim against the employer, requesting the court to cancel the reassignment decision. She claimed that the new post had not been stipulated in the employer's Rules on Posts (“the Rules”) and it did not correspond to her qualifications and work experience.
The Constitutional Court of Ukraine decides on issues of compliance of laws and other legal acts with the Constitution of Ukraine and officially interprets the Constitution of Ukraine and the laws of Ukraine.
On 14 February 2003 the Žilina Regional Court discontinued the proceedings against the Vranov nad Topľou District Court judge as there was no indication that she had committed an offence. According to the Government, the proceedings against the other accused are still ongoing.
The Court of Appeal rejected the claimant's further appeal, stating that when the Convention is invoked solely on the basis of the treatment an alien is likely to face in the receiving State, and that treatment is not serious enough to trigger Article 3, the court is not obligated to acknowledge the engagement of any other Article of the Convention.
On 11 November 1986, Mr. Schmidt finally applied to the Federal Constitutional Court, which on 31 January 1987, sitting as a panel of three members, declined to accept the appeal for adjudication, stating that it did not have sufficient prospects of success. It noted, among other things:
Upon appeals by the applicant, those decisions were annulled by the higher prosecutors or the courts on the ground that the investigators' Ms L. A. P. before her death.
The applicant appealed. Referring to the Court's judgment in Gradinger v. Austria (23 October 1995, Series A no. 328C) he claimed that the two sets of proceedings were based on the same conduct. He further argued that his defence, which had been accepted in the court proceedings, was that he had not even noticed the accident. He explicitly waived his right to a hearing.
Between December 12, 2002, and February 1, 2005, the District Court made several decisions to determine the defendants in the action and correct clerical errors in those decisions. The applicant contested these decisions through appeals (odvolanie) and appeals on points of law (dovolanie). The latter were declared inadmissible on August 25 and October 21, 2005, as, in the circumstances, no such remedy was available.
In its verdict on February 8, 1996, after the presentation of evidence from both sides, the Regional Court found the applicant guilty of involvement in narcotics offenses and membership in a criminal organization. He was sentenced to eight years' imprisonment. The applicant appealed to the Court of Appeal (Gerechtshof) of The Hague.
Hence, there is no need to further scrutinize the additional conditions necessary for enforcement, specifically adherence to international public policy and avoidance of legal circumvention.
Muslims shall have the same civil and political rights as Greek-origin subjects, fully entitled to freedom and the open practice of their religion.
On 7 November 1986, the Conseil d'État declared the application inadmissible, accepting the submissions of the Government Commissioner (commissaire du gouvernement) for the following reasons:
The applicant is a British national, born in 1960, and living in Banffshire, Scotland. She is represented before the Court by Mr. C.S. Fyfe.
The applicant, Mr. Henrik Munkholm Wulff, is a Danish national born in 1981 and lives in Perth, Australia. He was represented before the Court by Mr. Tyge Trier, a lawyer practicing in Copenhagen. The Danish Government (“the Government”) were represented by their Agent, Mr. Thomas Winkler, of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and their Co-Agent, Mrs. Nina Holst-Christensen, of the Ministry of Justice.
According to official records from the National Criminal Register (rikosrekisteri, straffregistret), the applicant has been convicted of the crimes mentioned below.
On 24 April 2004, two separate referendums were conducted concurrently in Cyprus on the Foundation Agreement–Settlement Plan (“Annan Plan”), which had been concluded on 31 March 2004. Although the plan gained approval in the Turkish-Cypriot referendum, it did not pass in the Greek-Cypriot referendum, preventing the Foundation Agreement from coming into effect.
Article 37 § 2 of the Charter grants everyone the right to legal assistance in proceedings before judicial authorities, other state bodies, or administrative authorities. Article 32 § 1 stipulates that all parties involved in judicial proceedings must enjoy equal rights.
On 15 August 2000, the hearing was postponed because the parties had not attended. On 24 August 2000, the Basmanniy District Court refused to examine the action because the parties had again failed to appear.
Article 22 of the 2003 Code on Enforcement of Sentences states that prosecutors oversee sentence enforcement to ensure compliance with existing laws.
On 1 January 1994, a new Real Property Transactions Act (dated 1993) became effective. Under the 1983 Act, the second and final instance authority was the Regional Real Property Transactions Authority (Landesgrundverkehrsbehörde). The 1993 Act replaced this with the Regional Real Property Transactions Commission (Landes-Grundverkehrskommission).
On 21 January 1998, the applicant appealed against the decision, contending, among other things, that as a child, he had been incapable of consenting to the sexual acts in question. He argued that non-consensual indecent assault and buggery could only be classified as a crime of violence.
On 9 April 1995 the applicant gave a statement to the police, where he confessed that he had been part of certain activities for the PKK.
On 26 March 2005, the prosecutor's office of unit no. 20116 transferred the SRJI's complaint about Marvan Idalov's kidnapping to the prosecutor's office of unit no. 20102.
On 10 November 1994, the applicant filed a lawsuit against the State before the Zagreb Municipal Court (Općinski sud u Zagrebu) seeking damages. He grounded his claim on section 180 of the Civil Obligations Act.
(e) Ayios Amvrosios, registration no. 13131, plot nos. 400 and 401/1, sheet/plan XIII/27.E.1, inaccessible field with nine olive trees, area: 1,254 sq. m.
In February 1994, the Public Prosecutor’s Office at the Innsbruck Regional Court filed the initial bill of indictment. In June 1994, the second bill of indictment was filed. The Innsbruck Court of Appeal rejected the applicant’s objections (Einspuch) against these indictments.
Section 145a of the Code of Criminal Procedure stipulates that if a decision is served on the accused, the defense counsel must be informed simultaneously and supplied with a copy of this decision, even in the absence of a written power of attorney in the case file.
On 19 February 1982, he submitted an application to the Calabria Regional Administrative Court ("the RAC") for the judicial review of two salary reductions, corresponding to the months of February and May 1981, imposed on him by the schools' inspectorate. He sought reimbursement of the unpaid amounts, adjusted for inflation, and the addition of interest at the statutory rate.
The applicant then submit a constitutional complaint (Verfassungsbeschwerde), which was rejected by a group of three judges of the Federal Constitutional Court on 28 February 1994.
On 11 November 1997, BNB (Bulgarian National Bank) revoked the license of DCB AD (D Commerce Bank AD) due to insolvency. The decision was based on a check of its assets and liabilities as of 30 September 1997, revealing that the liabilities exceeded its assets by BGL 6,161,379,000. It was explicitly mentioned in the decision that it was not subject to judicial review.
In a decision dated 22 May 1996, the Revenue granted relief from the surcharges initially imposed for bad faith in connection with the remaining contested tax assessments (on income from land for the years 1990 and 1991), amounting to FRF 4,459 for 1990 and FRF 16,661 for 1991.
These issues are considered in the appeals of: the President of Ukraine; at least forty-five National Deputies of Ukraine; the Supreme Court of Ukraine; the Authorized Human Rights Representative of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine; the Verkhovna Rada of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea;
On April 1, 2008, the Supreme Court rejected the co-accuseds' request to nullify the case and sent it to the Court of Appeal for their and the Public Prosecutor's appeal to be decided.
The Supreme Court quashed the Municipal Court’s judgment in respect of the above fourth of the property and, at the same time, overturned the relevant part of the District Court’s judgment of 18 September 1998.
On 14 November 1975, the applicant wrote to the Housing Department requesting reconsideration of the order issued on 10 September 1975. He restated the argument regarding access to the field. The Department acknowledged receipt of this letter but did not provide a reply. On an unspecified date in 1976, an amended requisition order, including the area adjacent to the applicant's residence, was issued.
The relevant section of the Constitutional Act on the Constitutional Court (Ustavni zakon o Ustavnom sudu Republike Hrvatske, Official Gazette no. 49/2002 of 3 May 2002 – “the Constitutional Court Act”) reads as follows:
On an unspecified date in 1998, the applicant initiated another action for a declaratory judgment under section 11 § 2 of the ALA. He petitioned the courts to recognize that, as an heir of his father, he had the right to have the property rights restored in respect of one more property, a plot of 6,000 square meters.
On 16 February 2001, the applicant reminded the NTV administration of his request from 24 January 2001, clarifying that the video recording provided by the Government to the Court did not include the pertinent news broadcasts.

