OPINION
Anthony Araujo filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey alleging that he was disciplined by New Jersey Transit Rail Operations, Inc. (“NJT”) in retaliation for his participation in an activity protected by the Federal Rail Safety Act, 49 U.S.C. § 20109 (“FRSA”). Specifically, Araujo reported an emotional injury after he witnessed a fatal accident on February 25, 2008. The District Court (Judge Stanley R. Chesler) found that the discipline was not retaliatory and granted NJT's motion for summary judgment. See Araujo v. New Jersey Transit Rail Operations, Inc., No. 10–CV–3985, 2012 WL 1044619 (D.N.J. Mar. 28, 2012). We will reverse the order of the District Court and remand.
I.
As this appeal arises from the grant of NJT's motion for summary judgment, we recount the facts contained in the record in the light most favorable to Araujo, the non-moving party. See Anderson v. Liberty Lobby, Inc., 477 U.S. 242, 249, 106 S.Ct. 2505, 91 L.Ed.2d 202 (1986).
NJT employs outside contractors to conduct repairs and maintenance work on bridges that pass over railroad tracks that are electrified by NJT. They are primarily protected from overhead high voltage catenary wires by two NJT linemen, and are protected from the movement of other trains on the tracks by a conductor-flagman. Prior to the February 25, 2008 accident, it was the practice of linemen not to talk to the NJT conductor-flagman about catenary outages. Rather, linemen would brief the supervisor of the contractor crew about the extent of the electrical catenary outages. The supervisor of the contractor crew would then inform the conductor-flagman that the catenary lines were de-energized. On the date of the accident, Beaver Construction Company (“Beaver Construction”), performed work rehabilitating bridges over an electrified NJT track. The specific area of work was on Track 2, in Newark, New Jersey. NJT employed two linemen—Christopher Picton and Jeff Meisner—to de-energize the catenary and provide primary protection to the contractors. Araujo was the conductor-flagman. His primary responsibility was to protect contractors from oncoming trains.
The linemen told the Beaver Construction superintendent, Nicholas Gilman, that the Beaver Construction crew was supposed to work around Track 2, near Third Street. The linemen did not brief Araujo regarding the limits of the catenary outage, and Araujo concedes that he was not aware of the extent of the catenary outage. Rather, based on his experience as a conductor-flagman, Araujo assumed that the catenary was de-energized to the same extent as the track was put out of service for the repairs. He had received a Bulletin Order-a document used by NJT to describe track outage information—which stated that the track was out of service for electrical trains between Broad Street and Roseville Avenue, an area which included Seventh Street, where the accident occurred. Araujo, however, was mistaken in his assumption that the scope of the catenary de-energization was the same as the track outage. The catenary de-energization was not controlled by the Bulletin Order, but was controlled by another form—the E.T. 102 form—and did not extend that far.
The Beaver Construction crew, accompanied by Araujo, commenced its work at the Third Street area of Track 2. After the crew completed its work, Araujo believed that the construction crew was going to get off of the tracks at the Bathgate Avenue exit ramp, which is past Seventh Street. The two linemen, Picton and Meisner, did not remain with the construction crew, but rather moved to meet the Beaver Construction crew at Bathgate Avenue. Rather than exiting, the Beaver Construction crew foreman, Francis McNeil, asked superintendent Gilman for permission for the crew to stop at Seventh Street to perform minor repairs.
According to Araujo, who heard the conversation between McNeil and Gilman, Gilman told McNeil that he “had the catenary,” meaning that he had signed off on the catenary outage with the linemen. Araujo understood this to mean that the catenary was de-energized at Seventh Street. According to Araujo, linemen in practice communicated catenary outages to a conductor-flagman by relaying the information through a construction crew foreman. Thus, at this time, the construction crew, the foreman, and Araujo were not aware that the catenary outage did not extend to Seventh Street. Araujo was the only NJT employee that was with the construction crew. The construction crew proceeded with repairs, and a construction crew member came in contact with the catenary. He was electrocuted, dying from his injuries, which Araujo witnessed.
Following the accident, NJT Superintendent Joseph Meade, who was Araujo's manager, questioned Araujo at the site. He also interviewed others, who confirmed that Araujo had not been briefed about the catenary outage.
The accident was a Federal Rail Administration (“FRA”) reportable incident, and both FRA and NJT rules and regulations required NJT to conduct drug tests on any employee that it had “reasonable cause” to believe had committed rule violations that contributed in any way to the incident. On the evening of the incident, NJT administered drug tests to two lineman—Picton and Meisner—who were responsible for protecting the contractors from catenary wires, but did not order a drug test for Araujo.
The following day, Araujo gave a taped statement about the incident to NJT. There was no significant new information in that statement. Araujo also went to NJT's Employee Assistance Program (“EAP”) to report symptoms that he was experiencing as a result of witnessing the accident. A NJT counselor confirmed that he was medically unable to work due to a work-related injury, and informed Meade that Araujo could not work. A work-related medical condition that causes an employee to miss work had to be reported to the FRA.
Under the applicable labor relations agreement, NJT had ten days from the date of the incident to give employees notice of a hearing and investigation (“H & I”) into rule violations arising out of the incident. On March 5, 2008, Meade drafted disciplinary charges against Araujo, asserting a violation of TRO–3 rules. The TRO–3 rules require conductors to prohibit people under their protection from going near the catenary unless the conductor knows for certain that the catenary is de-energized. Meade admitted during his deposition that, as of the evening of February 25, 2008, he was in possession of all of the information on which he based the TRO–3 rule violation charges against Araujo. He testified, in part:
Q: So what was your basis for deciding to bring the charges? What information, what facts did you rely on?
A: The fact that the individual came in contact with the catenary wire showed that there was some question on whether [Araujo] followed the rules as outlined in TRO–3, 13, 14, 15 and 101.
Q: You certainly knew that fact as of the afternoon of February 25th, 2008, correct?
A: We knew that the incident happened. We weren't fully advised in-depth of it, which is why we set up a hearing and investigation to bring all the facts together.
Q: Well, my question to you is—
A: This is not a guilty—this is trying to get all the people involved together and ascertain the facts to see if indeed he did comply with those rules.
Q: Well, why did you suspect or believe that he didn't comply with the rules? What basis did you have to even believe that?
A: Because an individual was injured under his protection by coming in contact with the catenary.
Q: A fact that you knew on February 25, 2008, correct?
A: Yes, sir.
(A–789.) However, Meade also testified that “the fact that we charged Mr. Araujo had nothing to do with the fact that we didn't” drug test him, and stated that the decision to charge Araujo was made after the initial interview on February 25, 2008, and required him to read the statements given by Picton, Meisner, and other witnesses. Additionally, the record reflects that Araujo was the only conductor-flagman that was ever charged with a violation of TRO–3 rules during the five years prior to February 25, 2008. (A–672 .)
On May 22, 2008, NJT ceased paying Araujo's wages on the grounds that Araujo's injury was a recoverable injury under the Federal Employers Liability Act (“FELA”). On October 2, 2008, Araujo was cleared to return to work from his injury, but he was suspended without pay while the charges were pending. A hearing was held and the adjudicating officer found that Araujo violated the TRO–3 rules. As a result, Araujo was assessed a time-served suspension without pay.
Araujo thereafter filed a complaint with the Occupational Safety & Health Administration (“OSHA”) Office of Whistleblower Protection, as required by the FRSA. OSHA issued findings in favor of Araujo, and ordered NJT to pay $569,587 in damages, to which NJT objected.1 Pursuant to the FRSA, Araujo filed this suit in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey.2 Following discovery, NJT filed a motion for summary judgment, which the District Court granted. This appeal followed.
II.
The District Court had jurisdiction pursuant to 49 U.S.C. § 20109(d)(3) and 28 U.S.C. § 1331. We have jurisdiction over this appeal pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1291. We exercise plenary review over a district court's grant of summary judgment. See Mabey Bridge & Shore, Inc. v. Schoch, 666 F.3d 862, 867 (3d Cir.2012). This court can affirm a grant of summary judgment only if “there is no genuine dispute as to any material fact and the movant is entitled to judgment as a matter of law.” Fed.R.Civ.P. 56(a). In making its determination, “the court should view the facts in the light most favorable to the nonmoving party and draw all inferences in that party's favor.” Marzano v. Computer Sci. Corp. Inc., 91 F.3d 497, 501 (3d Cir.1996).
III.
A.
The purpose of the Federal Rail Safety Act (“FRSA”) is “to promote safety in every area of railroad operations.” 49 U.S.C. § 20101. The FRSA was substantially amended in 2007 to include anti-retaliation measures. Prior to the passage of the FRSA, whistleblower retaliation complaints by railroad carrier employees were subject to mandatory dispute resolution pursuant to the Railway Labor Act, 45 U.S.C. § 151 et seq. See generally 75 Fed.Reg. 53,523 (Aug. 31, 2010). Congress passed the FRSA amendment in 2007, expanding the scope of the anti-retaliation protections and providing enforcement authority with the Department of Labor.3 Under the newly amended FRSA, a railroad carrier “may not discharge, demote, suspend, reprimand, or in any other way discriminate against an employee if such discrimination is due, in whole or in part” to the employee's engagement in one of numerous protected activities. 49 U.S.C. § 20109(a). The protected activities are enumerated in the statute, and include notifying the railroad carrier of a work-related personal injury or a work-related illness. Id. § 20109(a)(4).
B.
The FRSA incorporates by reference the rules and procedures applicable to Wendell H. Ford Aviation Investment and Reform Act for the 21st Century (“AIR–21”) whistleblower cases. Id. § 20109(d)(2)(A). AIR–21 sets forth a two-part burden-shifting test. See id. § 42121(b)(2)(B)(i)-(ii). Since the FRSA was amended to incorporate the AIR–21 burden-shifting test in 2007, no federal court of appeals has considered its application.
Under AIR–21, an employee must show, by a preponderance of the evidence, that “(1) she engaged in protected activity; (2) the employer knew that she engaged in the protected activity; (3) she suffered an unfavorable personnel action; and (4) the protected activity was a contributing factor in the unfavorable action.”4 Allen v. Admin. Review Bd., 514 F.3d 468, 475–76 (5th Cir.2008). Once the plaintiff makes a showing that the protected activity was a “contributing factor” to the adverse employment action, the burden shifts to the employer to demonstrate “by clear and convincing evidence, that the employer would have taken the same unfavorable personnel action in the absence of that behavior.” Id. § 42121(b)(2)(B)(ii). The Department of Labor has promulgated regulations that adopt this burden-shifting standard to FRSA complaints filed with the Department of Labor. See 29 C.F.R. § 1982.104(e)(3)-(4).
In the past, we have found that if a statute does not provide for a burden-shifting scheme, McDonnell Douglas applies as the default burden-shifting framework.5 See Doyle v. United States Sec'y of Labor, 285 F.3d 243, 250 (3d Cir.2002). This implies that when a burden-shifting framework other than McDonnell Douglas is present in a statute, Congress specifically intended to alter any presumption that McDonnell Douglas is applicable. The FRSA is clear that AIR–21 burden-shifting applies. However, in this case, the District Court noted that it was unable to locate any binding authority regarding burden-shifting, and discussed both McDonnell Douglas and the regulations promulgated by the Department of Labor, 29 C.F.R. § 1982.104(e)(4), which implement the AIR–21 framework. Araujo, 2012 WL 1044619, at *5.
Ultimately, the District Court concluded that it did not need to determine whether McDonnell Douglas applied, or for that matter, whether the AIR–21 framework is distinct from the McDonnell Douglas framework, as according to the District Court, Araujo could not satisfy his burden under either standard. We disagree with this approach. The District Court apparently did not recognize that, in fact, the FRSA explicitly incorporates the AIR–21 burden-shifting by reference. See id. (“The parties have not presented any binding authority to the Court concerning how to evaluate the viability of a FRSA whistleblower claim, nor has the Court's own research uncovered any reported cases dealing with FRSA retaliation claims.”). Unquestionably, AIR–21 burden-shifting applies to cases brought under the FRSA.
It is necessary for us to interpret the FRSA burden-shifting scheme. Statutory analysis begins with the plain language of the statute, “the language employed by Congress.” Am. Tobacco Co. v. Patterson, 456 U.S. 63, 68, 102 S.Ct. 1534, 71 L.Ed.2d 748 (1982) (quoting Reiter v. Sonotone Corp., 442 U.S. 330, 337, 99 S.Ct. 2326, 60 L.Ed.2d 931 (1979)) (internal quotations omitted). This Court must give effect to the intent of Congress by giving these words their “ordinary meaning.” Id. (internal quotation omitted). Considering the plain meaning of the statute, FRSA burden-shifting is much more protective of plaintiff-employees than the McDonnell Douglas framework. The plaintiff-employee need only show that his protected activity was a “contributing factor” in the retaliatory discharge or discrimination, not the sole or even predominant cause. See 49 U.S.C. § 42121(b)(2)(B)(ii). In other words, “a contributing factor is any factor, which alone or in combination with other factors, tends to affect in any way the outcome of the decision.” Ameristar Airways, Inc. v. Admin. Rev. Bd., 650 F.3d 563, 567 (5th Cir.2011) (quoting Allen, 514 F.3d at 476 n. 3 (internal quotation omitted).
The term “contributing factor” is a term of art that has been elaborated upon in the context of other whistleblower statutes. The Federal Circuit noted the following in a Whistleblower Protection Act case:
The words “a contributing factor” ․ mean any factor which, alone or in connection with other factors, tends to affect in any way the outcome of the decision. This test is specifically intended to overrule existing case law, which requires a whistleblower to prove that his protected conduct was a “significant”, “motivating”, “substantial”, or “predominant” factor in a personnel action in order to overturn that action.
Marano v. Dep't of Justice, 2 F.3d 1137, 1140 (Fed.Cir.1993) (quoting 135 Cong. Rec. 5033 (1989) (Explanatory Statement on S. 20)) (emphasis added by Federal Circuit). Furthermore, an employee “need not demonstrate the existence of a retaliatory motive on the part of the employee taking the alleged prohibited personnel action in order to establish that his disclosure was a contributing factor to the personnel action.” Marano, 2 F.3d at 1141 (emphasis in original); see also Coppinger–Martin v. Solis, 627 F.3d 745, 750 (9th Cir.2010) (“A prima facie case does not require that the employee conclusively demonstrate the employer's retaliatory motive.”).
Once the employee asserts a prima facie case, the burden shifts to the employer to demonstrate, “by clear and convincing evidence, that the employer would have taken the same unfavorable personnel action in the absence of that behavior.” 49 U.S.C. § 42121(b)(2)(B)(ii). The “clear and convincing evidence” standard is the intermediate burden of proof, in between “a preponderance of the evidence” and “proof beyond a reasonable doubt.” See Addington v. Texas, 441 U.S. 418, 425, 99 S.Ct. 1804, 60 L.Ed.2d 323 (1979). To meet the burden, the employer must show that “the truth of its factual contentions are highly probable.” Colorado v. New Mexico, 467 U.S. 310, 316, 104 S.Ct. 2433, 81 L.Ed.2d 247 (1984) (internal quotation omitted).
It is worth emphasizing that the AIR–21 burden-shifting framework that is applicable to FRSA cases is much easier for a plaintiff to satisfy than the McDonnell Douglas standard. As the Eleventh Circuit noted in a case under the Energy Reorganization Act, 42 U.S.C. § 5851, a statute that uses a similar burden-shifting framework, “[f]or employers, this is a tough standard, and not by accident.” Stone & Webster Eng'g Corp. v. Herman, 115 F.3d 1568, 1572 (11th Cir.1997). The Eleventh Circuit stated that the standard is “tough” because Congress intended for companies in the nuclear industry to “face a difficult time defending themselves,” due to a history of whistleblower harassment and retaliation in the industry. Id. The 2007 FRSA amendments must be similarly construed, due to the history surrounding their enactment. We note, for example, that the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure held a hearing to “examine allegations ․ suggesting that railroad safety management programs sometimes either subtly or overtly intimidate employees from reporting on-the-job-injuries.” (Impact of Railroad Injury, Accident, and Discipline Policies on the Safety of America's Railroads: Hearings Before the H. Comm. on Transportation and Infrastructure, 110th Cong. (Oct. 22, 2007)). As the Majority Staff of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure noted to members of the Committee:
The accuracy of rail safety databases has been heavily criticized in a number of government reports over the years. The primary issue identified in many previous government investigations is that the rail industry has a long history of underreporting incidents and accidents in compliance with Federal regulations. The underreporting of railroad employee injuries has long been a particular problem, and railroad labor organizations have frequently complained that harassment of employees who reported injuries is a common railroad management practice.
Id.6 The report noted that one of the reasons that pressure is put on railroad employees not to report injuries is the compensation system; some railroads base supervisor compensation, in part, on the number of employees under their supervision that report injuries to the Federal Railroad Administration. Id. We will leave our discussion of the legislative history here, as the AIR–21 burden-shifting language is clear, and “[w]here the statutory language is unambiguous, the court should not consider statutory purpose or legislative history.” See In re Phila. Newspapers, LLC, 599 F.3d 298, 304 (3d Cir.2010). We simply note this history to emphasize that, as it did with other statutes that utilize the “contributing factor” and “clear and convincing evidence” burden-shifting framework, Congress intended to be protective of plaintiff-employees.
C.
We must now apply AIR–21 burden-shifting. First, Araujo must show, by a preponderance of the evidence, that his reporting of his injury was a “contributing factor” to NJT's decision to discipline him. If he can do so, NJT must show by “clear and convincing evidence” that it would still have disciplined him, absent the reported injury. The District Court held that Araujo “cannot establish a prima facie case of retaliation because the record lacks evidence from which a reasonable factfinder could infer that the protected activity—Araujo's reports of employee injury—was a contributing factor in NJT's decision to discipline Araujo for the Electrical Operating Rules he violated in the February 25, 2008 incident.” Araujo, 2012 WL 1044619, at *6.
But, Araujo identifies some evidence in the record that tends to show that his decision to report a workplace injury proceedings against him. His evidence principally falls into two categories: (a) temporal proximity and (b) adverse disparate treatment. While this Court notes that the evidence that Araujo proffers is certainly not overwhelming, we part ways with the District Court, and hold that it is sufficient to assert a prima facie case.
Temporal proximity between the employee's engagement in a protected activity and the unfavorable personnel action can be circumstantial evidence that the protected activity was a contributing factor to the adverse employment action. See Kewley v. Dep't of Health and Human Servs., 153 F.3d 1357, 1362 (Fed.Cir.1998) (noting that, under the Whistleblower Protection Act, “the circumstantial evidence of knowledge of the protected disclosure and a reasonable relationship between the time of the protected disclosure and the time of the personnel action will establish, prima facie, that the disclosure was a contributing factor to the personnel action”) (internal quotation omitted). Araujo is able to show evidence of temporal proximity by marshalling the following facts in the record. On February 25, 2008 (the night of the accident), Meade decided not to drug test Araujo, despite the fact that he was legally required to drug test Araujo if he suspected that he had violated a rule or contributed to the accident. On that night, Meade had drug tests administered to Picton and Meisner. On the next day, February 26, 2008, Araujo went to NJT's EAP Counselor to report that he was experiencing symptoms related to the incident. Araujo was deemed unable to work due to the work-related injury. A few days after Araujo reported the injury, Meade filed disciplinary charges against Araujo. Araujo contends—and the record provides support—that Meade had all of the information related to Araujo's involvement on February 25, 2008, and duly, cause to drug test him if he had thought it necessary.
NJT provides at least three reasons that this Court should disregard the temporal proximity. First, Meade testified that “the fact that we charged Mr. Araujo had nothing to do with the fact that we didn't” drug test him, and stated that the decision to charge Araujo came later, after he had read the statements given by Picton, Meisner, and other witnesses. NJT also notes that Araujo was actually charged before Picton and Meisner. Additionally, NJT emphasizes that under the applicable collective bargaining agreement, NJT had only ten days from the incident to give Araujo notice of a hearing and investigation. Thus, according to NJT, the temporal proximity was present “by necessity,” due to the agreement. (Appellee's Br. at 21.)
Araujo also points to disparate treatment as circumstantial evidence that his protected activity was a contributing factor to his adverse employment action. Specifically, Araujo points to the fact that, in the five years preceding the February 25, 2008 incident, no other conductor-flagmen were disciplined for violating the TRO–3 rules. According to Araujo, prior to the accident, it was common practice for conductor-flagmen not to talk to the linemen, and thus be unaware of the extent of the catenary power outages. NJT responds, asserting that Araujo was not treated disparately as compared to Picton and Meisner, who were disciplined for their conduct during the accident. NJT also asserts that Araujo should not be compared to other conductor-flagmen, because Araujo is the only conductor-flagman to ever allow a contractor to come into contact with a live catenary while under his protection.
Considering all of the evidence in the light most favorable to Araujo, we conclude that Araujo has asserted a prima facie case. With respect to Araujo's temporal proximity argument, Araujo's evidence is entirely circumstantial, and he does not provide any evidence about NJT's motive. But direct evidence is not required. See Desert Palace, Inc. v. Costa, 539 U.S. 90, 100, 123 S.Ct. 2148, 156 L.Ed.2d 84 (2003) (noting, in the context of Title VII employment discrimination cases, that “[c]ircumstantial evidence is not only sufficient, but may also be more certain, satisfying and persuasive than direct evidence”). Thus, Araujo is not required to provide evidence of motive.7 See Marano, 2 F.3d at 1141 (noting, in a case under the Whistleblower Protection Act, that an employee “need not demonstrate the existence of a retaliatory motive on the part of the employee taking the alleged prohibited personnel action in order to establish that his disclosure was a contributing factor to the personnel action” (emphasis in original)).
Viewing the facts favorably to Araujo, a reasonable jury could find that Meade decided not to drug test Araujo on February 25, 2008 because he did not believe that he violated any rules or was responsible for the accident, and that NJT decided to file disciplinary charges only after Araujo reported his injury. Certainly, this evidence is not overwhelming. We note that the District Court found that this theory suffers from a “critical flaw” in that it conflates the protocol for drug testing with the internal process by which NJT investigates and enforces safety rule violations. Araujo, 2012 WL 1044619, at *7. Thus, the District Court found that, “[t]aken to its logical extreme, Araujo's position would preclude NJT from disciplining any employee through its hearing and investigation procedure if it decided not to subject that employee to a drug and alcohol test in the immediate aftermath of an incident involving an employee injury.” Id. While we agree that the District Court pointed out a potential flaw in Araujo's theory, viewing the facts in a light favorable to Araujo, whether Araujo's theory suffers from a “critical flaw,” or whether retaliation was a contributing factor to NJT's disciplinary decision, is an issue of fact that should be properly considered by a jury, not by the District Court.
We reach the same conclusion with regards to Araujo's disparate treatment arguments, in which Araujo argues that (a) his conduct did not deviate from the general practice of conductor-flagmen at the time and (b) other conductor-flagmen were not disciplined for violating the TRO–3 rules. The District Court accepted NJT's arguments that (a) Araujo should be compared to Picton and Meisner, both of whom were disciplined and (b) Araujo should not be compared to other conductor-flagmen since they were not involved in fatal accidents. Considering all of the evidence in the record, NJT's arguments fail to refute Araujo's assertion that his actions were in line with NJT practice at the time of the accident. If we view the facts in the light most favorable to Araujo, conductor-flagmen generally were not aware of the extent of catenary outages. Thus, Araujo is not comparable to Picton and Meisner, as both are linemen who were responsible for the catenary. Similarly, while Araujo may have been the only conductor-flagman to have been on duty during a fatal accident, it is not appropriate to put him in a class by himself, and not compare him to other conductor-flagmen who did not know about catenary outages but were not on duty during fatal accidents. Applying the employee-friendly AIR–21 standard, Araujo has stated a prima facie case of retaliation.
Having found that Araujo made a prima facie case, the burden shifts to NJT to show by “clear and convincing evidence” that it would have disciplined Araujo in the absence of his decision to report his injury. The District Court found that, assuming that Araujo could state a prima facie case, NJT was able to show by clear and convincing evidence that it would have disciplined him anyway. NJT appears to make two categories of arguments in an attempt to show clear and convincing evidence. First, as discussed in the preceding section, NJT attempts to rebut many of Araujo's proffered arguments. Second, NJT provides independent evidence that Araujo did in fact violate the TRO–3 rules. We conclude that NJT is unable to sustain its steep burden.
NJT attempts to rebut Araujo's proffered facts with respect to temporal proximity and disparate treatment. For the reasons discussed above, NJT's rebuttals to Araujo's arguments do not provide “clear and convincing evidence.” We note that the result may be different if the McDonnell Douglas burden-shifting framework was applicable to this claim. Under McDonnell Douglas, the employer need only articulate a legitimate, non-discriminatory reason for the action. We need not decide whether NJT's responses to Araujo's arguments are legitimate, nondiscriminatory reasons for NJT's decision to discipline Araujo. We note this solely to emphasize the steep burden that employers face under the AIR–21 burden-shifting framework.
NJT also attempts to provide “clear and convincing evidence” by making a case that Araujo was actually in violation of the TRO–3 rules. NJT points to evidence in the record that Araujo was aware that the TRO–3 rules broadly do not permit NJT employees to allow people under their protection near the catenary unless the employee knows for certain that the catenary is de-energized. (Appellee's Br. at 8.) Further, Araujo admitted that he was not aware whether the catenary was energized before the accident. NJT points out that Araujo correctly answered a question on an exam in 2006, showing that he knew that a conductor-flagman protecting contractors can allow the contractor to work on an overhead bridge in electrified territory only when the Class “A” employee reports to the conductor-flagman that the catenary is de-energized and partially grounded. (Appellee's Br. at 10.)
The District Court found that this evidence of Araujo's actual violation of the TRO–3 rules presented “clear and convincing evidence” that NJT's actions were not retaliatory. See Araujo, 2012 WL 1044619, at *9 (“[T]he evidence in the record demonstrates that discipline was legitimately imposed on Araujo as a result of his violation of several electrical safety rules with tragic consequences.”). We disagree. While the facts in the record may show that Araujo was technically in violation of written rules, they do not shed any light on whether NJT's decision to file disciplinary charges was retaliatory. As discussed, Araujo argues that he was following the practice that all conductor-flagmen followed at the time, and that NJT had never previously disciplined any conductor-flagmen for TRO–3 rule violations. While Araujo does not concede that he violated the letter of the TRO–3 rules, there is evidence in the record that Araujo did not know the extent of the catenary outage and was the only NJT employee directly supervising the contractors prior to the accident. Assuming for a moment that Araujo violated the letter of the TRO–3 rules, Araujo nevertheless argues that NJT's actual on-the-ground practices differed from the written rules, and NJT acknowledged this by never enforcing the rules against conductor-flagmen. Viewing Araujo's argument in this context, NJT's arguments that Araujo committed an actual violation of the letter of the TRO–3 rules does not shed any light on whether NJT's decision to enforce these rules against a conductor-flagman for the first time was retaliatory.
We emphasize that Araujo has not articulated an overwhelming case of retaliation. He has not, for example, proffered any evidence that NJT dissuaded him from reporting his injury or expressed animus at him for doing so. Araujo's evidence is entirely circumstantial, and we express no opinion as to the strength of his

Petitioner Jhonatan Acosta (“Acosta”) petitions this court to review a decision of the Board of Immigration Appeals (“BIA”) affirming an Immigration Judge's (“IJ”) decision that Acosta is removable as “[a]n alien present in the United States without being admitted or paroled” under Immigration and Nationality Act (“INA”) § 212(a)(6)(A)(i), 8 U.S.C. § 1182(a)(6)(A)(i). He contends that the BIA and IJ erred in their determinations that his testimony before the IJ was not credible. In addition, he asserts that the BIA erred by summarily affirming the IJ's decision to give no weight to his favorable polygraph test. For the reasons that follow, we deny the petition.
I. Factual and Procedural Background
A native and citizen of Colombia, Acosta is twenty-seven years old and currently resides in Boston, Massachusetts. He is married to a United States citizen and is a stepfather to her two children. In June 2010, Acosta sought to register permanent residence or adjust status before the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (“USCIS”). In support of his application, he submitted evidence that he was legally admitted to the United States in Miami, Florida, on August 27, 2001, when he was thirteen years old. This evidence included his visa and Form I–94.1
In August 2011, USCIS denied his application on the basis that his visa and Form I–94 were fraudulent. That same day, Acosta was placed in removal proceedings upon receiving a Notice to Appear (“NTA”) from the Department of Homeland Security (“DHS”) as an alien “present in the United States without being admitted or paroled.” Before the IJ, Acosta argued that he need not show that his documents are authentic to prove that he was admitted to the United States. Rather, the BIA has interpreted “admitted” to include situations where “an alien ․ physically presents [himself] for questioning and makes no knowing false claim to citizenship ․ even though [he] volunteers no information and is asked no questions by the immigration authorities.”2 Matter of Quilantan, 25 I. & N. Dec. 285, 293 (BIA 2010). Emphasizing his young age at the time of his alleged admission in 2001, Acosta asserts that he was unaware that his documents were fraudulent.
A. Acosta's Evidence
Acosta appeared twice for hearings before the IJ, in July and October 2012. To support his argument that he was admitted to the United States, Acosta submitted affidavits from himself, his father, and his uncle, and Acosta testified during the July hearing. At the hearing, he explained that he had entered the United States, at the age of thirteen, on August 27, 2001. According to Acosta's testimony, his uncle and primary caretaker at the time, Julio César Acosta–Salinas (“Julio César”), had obtained a visa and passport for him. Julio César later escorted Acosta to the airport in Medellín, Colombia. There, Julio César met with a man identified in Julio César's affidavit as the travel agent responsible for providing Acosta's travel documents.3 Acosta testified that he then bid farewell to his uncle and met a female airline attendant who accompanied him onto the plane. During this process, he at no point had possession of his passport; rather, the airline attendant was responsible for his travel documents. Julio César's affidavit largely corroborates this testimony.
Acosta stated that he landed in Miami that afternoon. Upon arrival, the airline attendant escorted him to an immigration official and gave the official Acosta's documents for inspection. Acosta was not questioned by the official, who communicated with the airline attendant instead. Another airline attendant then accompanied Acosta on a flight from Miami to Boston, Massachusetts.4 Acosta stated that, after he landed in Boston, his father, Omar Alberto Acosta–Salinas (“Acosta, Sr.”), who was residing in Massachusetts at the time, greeted him at the airport. Acosta testified that the flight attendant held his travel documents on the second flight and gave these papers to his father upon their arrival. Acosta, Sr.'s affidavit is consistent with this testimony.
Acosta avers that he has not left the United States since his arrival in 2001. Acosta testified that he first learned that his travel documentation was fraudulent when he met with USCIS to discuss his application for permanent residence. Following the hearing before the IJ, Acosta submitted a supplemental memorandum indicating that he took a favorable polygraph examination that corroborated his account of being inspected and admitted to the United States in Miami in August 2001.
B. The Government's Evidence
The Government sought to show that Acosta was not admitted to the United States in 2001 through the testimony of two expert witnesses, Robert Murray, an Enforcement Officer with United States Customs and Border Protection, and Heather Hoover, a forensic document examiner.
Murray's Testimony
Murray testified that he searched DHS's systems and found no record of Acosta's original Form I–94, which “would suggest that the document was not lawfully issued.” He explained that, typically, after an alien is admitted to the United States, his Form I–94 is sent to a centralized processing center and manually entered into the system. He also acknowledged that a Form I–94 could be lost before being entered into the system.5
Reviewing Acosta's visa, Murray determined that the visa number was valid but that it was associated with a different individual who entered the United States in November 2001. When asked how Acosta's name and biographical information were transposed onto the visa, Murray reasoned that the visa may have been “washed,” a process by which biographical data is removed from the visa and new data reprinted. Based on his analysis of Acosta's visa and his understanding of DHS systems, Murray attested that he did not believe there is “any plausible way” that Acosta could have used this visa to be inspected or admitted to the United States.
Murray also reviewed a May 2002 visa application for Acosta created in Bogotá, Colombia, and submitted to the State Department. The record reveals that the application was refused on May 29, 2002. On direct examination, Murray stated that, to the best of his knowledge, Acosta would have needed to be present in Colombia in 2002 to apply for the visa. On cross-examination, however, Murray conceded that he did not know whether a thirteen-to fourteen-year old individual would have been required to appear in person to apply for a visa in 2002.
Hoover's Testimony
Hoover testified that the admission stamps on Acosta's Form I–94 and passport were counterfeit based on an analysis of the ink. She noted that the stamp typically used on Form I–94s should flash under ultraviolet light and that the stamp on Acosta's form had no such ultraviolet reaction. Similarly, Hoover explained that the stamp on Acosta's passport, when viewed under ultraviolet light, suggested that “the fluorescing feature of this stamp was simulated by brushing or placing a substance on top of the stamp impression to give it the appearance of fluorescing.”
Hoover also attested that Acosta's visa was a genuine visa that had been modified. The visa number, which is impressed into the paper, was unaltered. The original biographical information, however, would have been imprinted in black toner ink which “rests on top of the document” rather than being absorbed into the paper. Accordingly, visas such as Acosta's are “susceptible to being washed.” Using an infrared light, Hoover could detect previous entries under Acosta's information. Based on this analysis, Hoover testified that Acosta's biographical data had been printed onto the visa after the previous information was erased.
C. The IJ's and BIA's Decisions
The IJ determined that Acosta had failed to establish that he is lawfully present in the United States following a prior admission. 8 U.S.C. § 1229a(c)(2). The IJ acknowledged that Acosta's testimony was corroborated by the affidavits of Acosta, Sr. and Julio César. But he declined to give any weight to Acosta's polygraph examination and noted an “internal discrepancy” between Acosta's testimony and affidavit: whereas Acosta testified that Julio César had met a gentleman outside the airport, he made no mention of this individual in his affidavit.
Ultimately, the IJ was persuaded by the Government's argument that Acosta was not admitted to the United States. He credited the Government's evidence that Acosta's visa had been used to enter the United States in November 2001, which suggests that Acosta could not have used this visa to enter the United States three months earlier, in August 2001. The IJ also acknowledged a report submitted by Hoover in which she observed that the “2001” in the United States Consulate Bogotá stamp on Acosta's passport had been changed from “2002.” This evidence corroborated the Government's argument that Acosta had applied for a visa in 2002, and not 2001, and that he therefore was in Colombia in 2002 (although the IJ acknowledged that there was some uncertainty as to whether an individual of Acosta's age would have needed to appear in person to apply for a visa). In addition, the IJ credited the Government's evidence that the admission stamps on Acosta's Form I–94 and passport were counterfeit and therefore did not indicate whether Acosta had been inspected and admitted. Based on this evidence, the IJ determined that Acosta had failed to demonstrate that he was inspected and admitted to the United States on August 27, 2001.6
Acosta appealed the IJ's conclusion that he was removable to the BIA. The BIA affirmed the IJ's decision. Providing a thorough overview of the Government's evidence, the BIA concluded that the IJ had not clearly erred in finding Acosta's testimony not credible. Further, the BIA found no error in the IJ's decision to accord no weight to Acosta's favorable polygraph test, noting that such a determination was within the IJ's discretion. Acosta now petitions for judicial review under 8 U.S.C. § 1252(b)(2).
II. Analysis
A. Standard of Review
“[W]e review the agency's factual findings, including credibility determinations, under the deferential substantial evidence standard.” Jabri v. Holder, 675 F.3d 20, 24 (1st Cir.2012). Under this standard, we “uphold [ ] that decision if it is ‘supported by reasonable, substantial, and probative evidence on the record considered as a whole.’ ” Mihaylov v. Ashcroft, 379 F.3d 15, 17 (1st Cir.2004) (quoting INS v. Elías–Zacarías, 502 U.S. 478, 481, 112 S.Ct. 812, 117 L.Ed.2d 38 (1992)). Where “the BIA has written separately while deferring to and affirming the decision of an IJ, we review both the BIA's decision and the relevant portions of the IJ's decision.” Kartasheva v. Holder, 582 F.3d 96, 106 (1st Cir.2009) (quoting Lutaaya v. Mukasey, 535 F.3d 63, 70 (1st Cir.2008)).
B. Adverse Credibility Determination
Under INA § 212(a)(6)(A)(i), “[a]n alien present in the United States without being admitted or paroled ․ is inadmissible.” 8 U.S.C. § 1182(a)(6)(A)(i). Here, Acosta bears the burden of establishing, by clear and convincing evidence, that he is lawfully present in the United States following a prior admission. Id. § 1229a(c)(2)(B).
Acosta contends that the IJ erred in determining that Acosta's testimony was not credible and giving inordinate weight to Murray's and Hoover's expert testimony.7 To be sure, “[a]n alien's credible testimony, standing alone, may sustain his burden of proving eligibility for withholding of removal. But evidence that the factfinder supportably characterizes as incredible may be either disregarded or discounted.” Pan v. González, 489 F.3d 80, 86 (1st Cir.2007) (citation omitted). Here, the IJ's and BIA's determinations were based on considerable evidence regarding the validity of Acosta's travel documents: indeed, “[t]he IJ did not deal in broad generalizations but relied on a specific and well-articulated litany of identified inconsistencies in the petitioner's story.” Id. This evidence included substantial testimony and reports suggesting that Acosta's travel documents were falsified, as well as information that directly contradicted Acosta's claim that he entered the United States in August 2001, including a 2002 visa application and evidence that another individual used his visa to enter the United States in November 2001.
Nor has Acosta “provide[d] a meritorious explanation for the inconsistencies.” Conde Cuatzo v. Lynch, 796 F.3d 153, 156 (1st Cir.2015). The IJ and BIA did not err in disregarding Acosta's unsubstantiated argument that these many inconsistencies were due to administrative error. Indeed, the IJ gave Acosta an additional opportunity to explain the inconsistent documentation. Following the October hearing, the IJ had the government locate the immigration official associated with the stamp number on Acosta's Form I–94 to confirm that the official was not involved in smuggling or any other wrongdoing. Only after the Government found this official, who submitted an affidavit averring that he had not engaged in misconduct and did not recall admitting Acosta in 2001, did the IJ issue its decision.
Acosta faults the IJ and BIA for considering his inconsistency in testifying that his uncle met a man from the travel agency at the airport but omitting this individual from his affidavit. Standing alone, such an inconsistency likely would be insufficient to support a finding that Acosta was removable. See Jabri, 675 F.3d at 25 (remanding where inconsistencies identified by the IJ were “not direct inconsistencies”); Kartasheva, 582 F.3d at 106 (remanding where the petitioner “did not change her story during the asylum interview but simply omitted small details”). But the IJ did not err in considering an otherwise minor inconsistency in the broader context of substantial evidence that Acosta's documentation was fraudulent. See Pan, 489 F.3d at 86 (“Some of these inconsistencies, in isolation, may seem like small potatoes. What counts, however, is that their cumulative effect is great.”).
Acosta also contends that, having entered the United States at thirteen, he cannot explain how he was admitted using these documents and asserts that his own testimony, consistent with his father's and uncle's accounts, should carry the day. This court is sympathetic to Acosta's argument. The events at issue took place when Acosta was only thirteen, and his testimony, along with that of his uncle and father, suggest that he was not responsible for his travel documentation. But Acosta's age at the time of entry cannot relieve him of his burden of showing that he was admitted to the United States, and—as the IJ and BIA noted—his failure to explain the holes in his story is fatal to his claim.
C. Favorable Polygraph Examination
Next, Acosta faults the BIA for summarily affirming the IJ's decision to disregard his favorable polygraph examination. Acosta's argument is without merit. The BIA provided a reasoned explanation for its determination that the IJ did not err in weighing the polygraph evidence, noting that the IJ “was in the best position to observe the respondent and make determinations regarding his credibility.” The BIA also explained that decisions as to the weight of the evidence fall well within the IJ's discretion.
This reasoning is well-supported under our law. As the BIA noted, the IJ has “broad discretion over the conduct of immigration court proceedings.” Condo Cuatzo, 796 F.3d at 156. And while a due process violation may arise from an IJ's decision to exclude evidence, “the trial judge must be accorded some flexibility in his efforts to ensure that speculation and surmise do not become proxies for probative evidence.” Pulisir v. Mukasey, 524 F.3d 302, 311 (1st Cir.2008). Polygraph results have long been considered of dubious value, and the IJ did not err in declining to give Acosta's polygraph examination any significance in his weighing of the evidence. Cf. United States v. Rodríguez–Berríos, 573 F.3d 55, 73 (1st Cir.2009) (“Polygraph results are rarely admissible at trial.”); deVries v. St. Paul Fire & Marine Ins. Co., 716 F.2d 939, 944–45