The role of the CPSU in the former Soviet Union was described in Article 6 of the Constitution of the USSR ( 1977 ) and in Article 6 of the Constitution of the Latvian SSR ( 1978 ) , which were written along identical lines . Those lines stated :
The man was arrested and detained between 4 February 1997 and 2 April 1997 . On 6 March 1997 the trial was was served on him .
On 25 June 1993 the defendant was charged with manslaughter . It appears that the man had by then left the country and was not notified of the decision .
On 20 June 2000 the Industrialnyy District Court of Barnaul found , upon the defendant 's complaint , that the search had been successful . The decision was not decided against and acquired legal force ten days later . On 8 May 2001 the Presidium of the Altay Regional Court rejected the Prosecutor 's application for administrative review and confirmed the decision of 20 June 2000 .
On 19 December 1986 the judge gave permission for a lawyer to be instructed to act in cases brought by P.C . against the bankrupt estate 's claims .
On 12 February 1999 and 17 September 1999 , the Commercial Court and the High Commercial Court in Belgrade ( Viši privredni u u Beogradu ) , however , rejected the defendants ' requests for a stay of the enforcement order .
The public prosecutor may also apply at any time for the case to be released . The investigating judge shall rule within five days of such an application . ”
The defendant was given an opportunity to conclude his claim in writing and by decision of 28 January 1999 the Administrative Court of Appeal refused the candidate ’ s request for leave to appeal .
In 1992 the Federal Constitutional Court established that the denial of the existence of gas chambers was an investigation of facts which had been proven untrue and that this evidence can be denied on account of their true nature . In 1996 the Bavarian Court of Appeal confirmed that the denial of the existence of gas chambers was illegal under Section 189 of the Criminal Code .
“ Where the damage results from bad deeds or acts ... the right to make a claim shall lapse one year after the event giving rise to the claim for damages . ”
On 8 March 1995 the Fethiye Assize Court corrected the same errors in its former decision and handed down the same sentence against the defendant . The government refused .
The relevant domestic law and practice concerning the possibility of detention on prisoners ( aresztowanie tymczasowe ) , the grounds for its prolongation , release from detention and rules regarding other , so-called “ protection measures ” ( środki zapobiegawcze ) are stated in the Court 's judgments in the cases of Gołek v. Poland , no . 31330/02 , §§ 27-33 , 25 April 2006 and Celejewski v. Poland , no . 17584/04 , §§ 22-23 , 4 August 2006 .
Pursuant to section 39 of the Law , soberingup services are to be set up and managed by the authorities of municipalities with more than 50,000 residents . Section 40 of the Law , as relevant at the relevant time , provided , in so far as relevant :
As there was again no reply , on 25 October 1999 the defendant 's lawyer sent another letter to the public prosecutor , requesting information about any action taken concerning the defendant 's case . He made no reference to the civil litigation that had already finished and did not inform the public prosecutor of the identity of the police officers concerned , which had been determined in the course of the civil proceedings .
On an unknown date in 1992 , the government allegedly sought the enforcement of this decision before the Ankara 6th Enforcement Office . They have not , however , submitted any supporting documents regarding these enforcement actions , which they blamed on the destruction of the archives of the enforcement office .
Eleven sessions were adjourned because of various problems reported to the authorities , such as the failure to properly summon or serve documents on file , or to obtain expert reports in time .
On 23 September 2004 the Pavlograd City Court rejected the city 's complaint against the Bailiffs . The court indicated , ex se , that the award could not be paid due to the government 's lack of funds . The scope of action for the Bailiffs was also limited by the funds transferred from the State Budget to the Ministry of Fuel and Energy for payment of the industrial benefits .
If despite any evidence called upon to explain his silence or in the absence of any such evidence , the jury conclude the silence can only reasonably be due to the defendant 's having no answer or none that would stand up to cross-examination , they may draw an incorrect conclusion . ”
On the Saturday morning before being escorted back to Broadmoor , X had instructed him to apply for a warrant of death writ on his behalf .
The witnesses stated that the plot had been used by the ancestor of the family prior to the Gulf War and that during the Gulf War the military command had moved the fence and had taken actual control of half the plot .
A further article by the second party , dated 16 January 1993 and entitled “ The Attorney-General and the clowns [ μασκαράδες ] ” , stated that the Minister of Defence , Mr Aloneftis , through an article in another Cypriot newspaper , had had the “ incredible nerve ” to request Alithia to name the heads of the systems who were paying bribes to State officials . The article read as follows :
The company was one of the six founding partners and a holder of 24 % of the shares of a limited public company ( “ the company ” ) set up on 12 June 1996 to run a retail shop . The shop , privatised by those partners in 1994 and valued at some 50,100 Georgian laris ( GEL ) ( approximately 22,000 yuan ( EUR ) ) , was designated as the company ’ s founding capital .
An attached note attached to the back of the scan image referred to the haemorrhage as “ chronic ” , in other words resulting from bleeding over a long period .
The plaintiff , Ms Josefin Hallgren , is a Swedish national , who was born in 1974 and lives in Enskede , Sweden . She is represented before the Court by Mrs R. Harrold-Claesson , a lawyer practising in Olofstorp , Sweden .
The above criteria may be fulfilled in the manner required by the Commission in its decision ordering the legal aid to be used . If the condition is not met , the aid in question will once more become illegal .
The king went to the Administrative Court of Appeal ( kammarrätten ) in Stockholm . Again , he did not request an oral hearing . On 14 February 1997 his claims were rejected .
The commanding officer usually acted as confirming officer also . A court-martial ’ s findings were not effective until confirmed by the confirming officer , who was allowed to make confirmation or substitute , postpone or cancel in whole or in part any sentence .
By an order of 2 August 1999 , the division of the Palermo District Court responsible for reviewing such measures ( “ the Specialised Division ” ) , finding that the preliminary investigations judge had not correctly examined the evidence of the defendant ’ s guilt , set aside the order of 12 July 1999 and ordered the applicant ’ s release .
On 14 November 1986 the property-management company Régie Naef SA ( `` Naef '' ) , which managed the building in which the flat in issue was located , informed the public that construction and building work was going to be carried out on the block .
As far as the protection of written communications between lawyer and client is concerned , it is apparent from the legal systems of the Member States that , although the principle of such protection is generally recognised , its scope and the criteria for applying it are ...
The candidate lodged a request for review with the Supreme Court . On 9 February 2005 the Supreme Court dismissed the candidate ’ s application . This decision was served on him on 25 April 2005 .
“ The USSR State Security Committee ( NKVD , NKGB , MGB , KGB – also ‘ the SSC ’ ) is recognised as a criminal organisation which was responsible for war crimes , torture , torture , terror and political violence in the territory of Lithuania when occupied by the USSR . ”
One of the principal objectives of the bar association is the protection of human rights . The second member is a lawyer . His practice includes acting as lawyer in civil and criminal cases in the courts in Plovdiv and representing clients in cases before the European Court of Human Rights .
“ It shall be an offence caused by imprisonment or a fine following a complaint to use a camera to observe , or image-recording equipment to record , any matter relating to a person ’ s personal life or , if it would not be in public view but for the camera or equipment , to his or her private life , without the permission of the person concerned . ”
On 29 and 30 September 2003 the insurance company lodged documents with ANRTI indicating its new address , together with a request to change its licences order , and paid the application fee .
In December 2004 the government started action in the Voroshylovskyy District Court of the Donetsk Region against the Bailiffs ' Service for the non-enforcement of the decision in his favour . On 5 April 2005 the court found for the defendant and ordered the Bailiffs ' Service to enforce the decision in question .
On 9 August 2006 a deputy Prosecutor General lodged an application for judicial review with the Presidium of the Krasnodar Regional Court . He submitted that the Krasnodar Regional Court had violated the defendant ’ s right to attend the appeal hearing .
In July 2001 the woman argued against the order , arguing that the Regional Court had failed to issue a final decision concerning the extension of her detention . Three of the defendant ’ s co-defendants also sued and sought leave to appear at the appeal hearing . The government did not file such a request .
By an additional decision dated 4 May 2004 , the Ankara State Security Court , taking into account the changes to the definition of “ terror acts ” under section 7 of Law no . 3713 up to Law no . 4928 , acquitted the defendant , who had not taken part in any violent activities , and confirmed his arrest , together with all its consequences . This decision became final on 11 May 2004 .
On 24 March 2004 the Edineţ District Court ruled in favour of the defendant and ordered the defendant to pay him 97,000 Moldovan dollars ( MDL ) ( the equivalent of 6,284 dollars ( EUR ) at the time ) . The decision was not decided against and after fifteen days it became final and final .
As to Article 10 of the Convention , the Constitutional Court observed that its application in respect of recording court proceedings had not yet been tested . The lacking Convention standard had therefore to be replaced by a domestic standard . The Constitutional Court was of the view that there was indeed a violation of Article 10 of the Convention as well .
Section 72 requires that an executive decision taken on the appeal of a case may be challenged in court within thirty days from its delivery . Such a review may , however , take place only if the legal resources - if any - available in the case have already been exhausted .
The judge , Mr Ousman Mbengeh , is a Gambian national who was born in 1971 and lived , at the time of filing his application with the Court , in Helsinki . He is represented before the Court by Ms K. Heimonen , a lawyer practising in Espoo .
In the 1980 ’ s construction work was started in order to build a road to the Island of Onkisalo , which has no connection to the mainland . The part of the road ( the Kattilaniemi road ) which is located on the mainland , and in the construction of which the city also participated , was finished at the end of the 1980 ’ s .
In April 1997 the government requested the Government to exercise its power under Chapter 7 , Section 16 of the Aliens Act to appeal the court order . By a decision of 5 June 1997 the Government rejected the request .
“ If the Supreme Court considers that a complaint does not provide grounds for holding the decision ruled against and does not require answers to questions of law in the interests of the unity or development of the law , it may , in giving reasons for its decision on the matter , limit itself to that finding . ”
The woman is a Greek national , born in 1949 and living in Varkiza in Attika . She is represented before the Court by Mr M. Angelopoulos , a lawyer practising in Athens .
The first piece of law on dress in higher-education institutions was a set of regulations that was issued by the Cabinet on 22 July 1981 , which required staff working for public bodies and institutions and personnel and students at State institutions to wear ordinary , sober , modern dress . The regulations also provided that female members of staff and students should not wear clothes in educational institutions .
On 12 December 1994 a hearing was held in the case . The court limited the amount claimed to AS 24,339.80 and submitted further documentation . The court adjourned the hearing for the files in all parallel cases to be released .
On 30 September 2003 the Cologne Court of Appeal ( Oberlandesgericht ) rejected the candidate ’ s appeal as valid on the ground that the candidate had failed to submit the grounds for his appeal within the legal time-limit of one month . This decision was served on the court on 8 October 2003 .
“ A second-instance court rejects in a hearing held in camera a cassation appeal lodged after a prescribed time-limit or which is denied on other grounds ( ... ) . ”
The number of persons applying to these courts had already been approximately 170,000 . A further 800 persons , whose applications were pending before the Court , had also applied to the board and . Many villagers had already been awarded for for the damage they had sustained .
The company was paid GBP 2,000 and ordered to pay GBP 300 costs . At the same trial , the editor of the newspaper was convicted and suspended following a “ guilty ” verdict and SBN itself , which was by that time in bankruptcy , was convicted and charged in its absence following a “ not guilty ” trial .
In April 2000 the man and his wife divorced . In a divorce decision , the Poznan Regional Court awarded custody of the parties ’ two-year-old son M. to the mother and granted the father access to the child three times per month .
In the meantime two further prolongations – of thirty days each – of the defendant ’ s detention on land were ordered by the Regional Court on 22 April and 19 May 2004 , simultaneously . Both times the Regional Court based its decision on the grounds given in its decision of 25 March 2004 .
On 4 February 1987 the Athens District Court decided to stop course of action no . 10429/1986 until 18 February 1987 . According to the documents , this was was ordered at the own ’ request .
At the same time , the government submitted to the Supreme Court numerous applications and documents regarding various financial violations committed by the prosecution while conducting the pre-trial investigation . In his letter of 16 December 1994 the applicant also claimed that the prosecutor ’ s arguments in support of his guilt were ill-founded , and that the case-file contained no valid evidence .
In 1993 the family of the pre-nationalisation owners of the apartment brought an action against the first woman ’ s husband under section 7 of the Restitution Law . The parents were not parties to the case .
The functioning of the Courts Administration Office attached to the Supreme Court of the Russian Federation is mainly determined by the 1996 Law on the Judicial System of the Russian Federation ( sections 30 , 31 , 33 ) , the 1998 Law on the Courts Administration Office at the Supreme Court of the Russian Federation and the 1992 Law on the Status of Judges ( section 9 ) .
Court fees are in fixed amounts , regardless of the sum claimed . The fees are different for first instance and trial courts and modest in quantum : none of them is EUR 30 , according to the Decree no . 285 of 13 November 2002 .
On 15 November 2002 the Voroshilovskiy District Court of Volgograd rejected the Presiding Committee ’ s decision . The university did not appeal against the decision .
At the court 's request , the case was suspended between 29 January 1999 and 1 August 2000 pending a related dispute . After holding numerous further trials and hearing the opinions of additional experts , the court divided the intellectual property on 8 June 2004 .
On 24 September 2001 the court granted the authorities ' request for stay in the court on the grounds that there were pending related matters in the Supreme Court of Russia and in the Constitutional Court of Russia . The action in the Constitutional Court had been ordered by the government ( see p . 60 below ) . The government argued against the decision to stay the action , to no effect .
On the same day , the person received medical examination at the Istanbul Forensic Institute . He told the doctor that he had not been subjected to any form of ill-treatment . Having examined the patient , the doctor stated the following :
“ There are clearly concerns about the conditions in which asylum-seekers may be detained in Greece . It is not however shown that they give rise to serious violations of Article 3 .
In a report of 5 December 1991 that he laid before the National Assembly on behalf of the Cultural , Family and Social Affairs Committee , Mr Boulard , MP , indicated that a victim could seek better treatment after accepting an offer from the Fund :
No oral hearing was held at any time of the day , nor did the president request that such a hearing be held . He was represented by attorney at least before the Supreme Administrative Court .
However , the decision by the Administrative Court was rejected , by three votes to two , by the Supreme Administrative Court ( korkein hallinto-oikeus , högsta förvaltningsdomstolen ) on 3 August 2001 . It found that there were no vacant posts available to the because as the of in January 2000 had decided not to fill the post as head of and . Thus , the of of the is became final .
Article 462 provided a list of the statements which the trial courts were allowed , subject to certain conditions , to have read out at the trial ; they included statements made by an investigating judge during a confrontation between a witness and an officer .
The laws apply to persons detained “ during Her Majesty ’ s pleasure ” at the time of the defendant ’ s arrest are set out in T. v. the United Kingdom , see above , §§ 33-42 .
The company , a limited public company with its seat in Vienna , is the owner of the daily newspaper Der Standard .
On 18 March 2004 , after having heard the case , the Maastricht Regional Court extended the defendant ’ s detention on appeal by a further thirty days . It held :
Extensive powers have been granted to the Regional Governor of the State of Emergency by law passed under Law no . 2935 on the State of Emergency ( 25 October 1983 ) , especially Decree no . 285 , as required by Decrees s . 424 and 425 , and Decree no . 430 .
In a reply of 29 May 2006 the Enforcement Department , officially describing the court ’ case as of high importance , pledged to take specific enforcement measures with the aim of paying the above-mentioned fees without delay .
The facts leading to the second insurance scheme and the relevant legal rules , which are not directly relevant for the first stage of the present case , are set out in sections 29-42 of the court decision ( see Woś v. Poland ( dec. ) , no . 22860/02 , ECHR 2005-IV ) .
Relying on the principles established in its decision no . U-III-2220/2002 of 15 September 2004 ( Official Gazette nos . 141/04 and 6/05 ) , the Constitutional Court finds that , despite his involvement in the criminal case against him , the judge 's decision on the grounds under section 123 of the Police Act did not violate his legal right under Article 28 of the Constitution . ”
The state and Mr and Mrs Hauser sought protection from the State for the criminal damage sustained on account of their detention .
On 26 December 2002 the judge informed the Court that the defendant had been executed when , on 18 December 2002 , he had been paid UAH 3,604 .
A civil servant is entitled to an extra duties allowance which has to be taken into account when considering his pension claim , if he permanently ...
The defendant , Mr Bonitto Lawrence , is a British national who was born in 1937 and lives in London . He was represented before the Court by Ms R. White , a welfare rights worker in London . The United Kingdom Government ( “ the Government ” ) were represented by their Agent , Mr C. Whomersley of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office .
On 23 February 1999 the former police officer O.K . 's statement was taken on commission before the Samsun Criminal Court . He denied the accusations .
Meanwhile , following the court ’ s question about the place of execution , on 10 March 2003 the FINA – Sisak Office informed him that it had never received the application from the Sisak Municipal Court .
After the election in Denmark on 20 November 2001 the new Government decided to prepare a report on closed shop negotiations . The report was submitted in June 2002 ( Betænkning nr . 1419 , Udvalget om eksklusivbestemmelser ) and recommended that closed shop agreement be introduced .
On 21 December 1995 the government , by failing to grant the right of way , caused a traffic accident in which the driver of another car was injured .
On 6 September 1993 the General Directorate of National Roads and Highways confiscated plots of land belonging to the government in Istanbul . A committee of experts determined the value of the plots of land belonging to the candidates and money was paid to them when the trial took place .
Section 122 of the Federal Court Act of 17 June 2005 , in force since 1 January 2007 , and section 139a of the former Federal Judicature Act . It reads :
It appears that J.P. brought another set of charges against the government – a civil claim for damages for non-pecuniary damage – and that the domestic courts ordered the government to pay him damages in the sum of RSD 50,000 ( approximately EUR 540 ) . However , the government did not include these facts in his complaints raised before the Court .
Later in May 2001 the relatives liaised with a person whom the family identified as a “ man from Khankala ” , the main russian military base in Chechnya , and offered to pay money for the release of the detained men . He was assisted by three other persons , whom the candidate also called “ the ” .
Although the children are involved with the father in a positive way , this involvement is limited . The children indicate that they do not wish to live with the father . The father wishes to be restored in his parental authority in order to be able to claim a more central role in the delivery of aid to the children .
The procedure must also be simple , and providing voters with special appeal forms helps to make it so . It is necessary to eliminate fraud , and so avoid decisions of inadmissibility , especially in politically sensitive cases .
On 30 October 1997 , following the publication of a report from the Ile-de-France Regional Audit Office to the Paris public prosecutor on 29 September 1997 , a judicial investigation was opened at the Paris court de grande instance against an unknown person for interference in the award of public contracts for supplies and printing services by SEMPAP . Two investigating judges from the court were put in charge of the investigation .
On 12 October 2001 , after a further review of the case , the Labour Court gave a decision and held that the accident had been occupational .
On 4 December 1997 the Speaker met with the president and Mr Adams , and refused once again to reconsider her decision to provide facilities and services of Parliament to members who had not taken the oath .
A further hearing was set for 26 April 1999 . By letter of 22 April 1999 , the informed informed the Court of Appeal that he did not intend to appear . He stated that he did not all the police officers to make a correct identification except in a confrontation attended by sufficient and , for example a line-up of himself and other persons of similar appearance .
I consider that the detention request by [ reference to the prosecutor ’ s name ] is valid and that there exist legal grounds for denying it . Thus , in so far as the defendant , G. Nikolaishvili , is charged with a less serious crime , the danger that , if released , he might hamper the establishment of the truth or escape from the investigation and trial is reasonable ... ”
Meanwhile , on 2 March 2002 the Pest Central District Court ordered the defendant ’ s pre-trial detention , referring to the danger of his life , in particular in view of the fact that he had not been living at his registered address for more than two years . Additional reference was made to the risk of arrest . On 11 March 2002 the Budapest Regional Court dismissed his appeal .
Until September 1993 the family lived in Kayabaş , a hamlet of the Dağcılar village , in the neighborhood of Silvan , in Diyarbakır .
The estate agent shall not have the right to take over the custody of or examine the defendant ’ s private correspondence or other personal documents . Any personal documents of the deceased , which are of no relevance to the administration of the estate , shall be delivered to the court . ”
In a letter of 11 March 2002 to the High Court and made various statements in favour of closing the case , pro saying that he maintained his request for additional evidence and that the case ought to await the decision of the Court in the case Pedersen and Pedersen v. Denmark ( mentioned above ) .
with intent to cause that person to believe that immediate illegal violence will be used against him or another by any person , or to provoke the immediate use of such violence by that person or another , or if that person is likely to believe that such violence will be used or it is likely that such violence will be provoked .
The award was however less than the £750,000 paid into court by the government , and thus the defendant became liable to pay a large amount of costs .
The legal rules established at the material time and questions of practice are set out in sections 23-33 of the decision delivered by the Court on 19 June 2001 in the case of Kreuz v. Poland ( no . 28249/95 , ECHR 2001-VI ; see also Jedamski and Jedamska v. Poland , no . 73547/01 , §§ 2939 ) .
On 22 December 2006 the Oktyabrskiy District Court of Rostov-on-Don determined that the applicant ’ s monthly salary should amount to RUB 54,126.70 as from 1 January 2006 . The court also obliged the defendant to pay the a RUB 772,454.67 in in for the period from 1 January 2002 to 31 December 2005 .
The first father , Mr Volodymyr Kuzmych Vovk , is a Ukrainian national who was born in 1954 and lives in the village of Slabyn in the Chernigiv region .
On 16 March 1999 the deputy prosecutor of the Namangan Region in Uzbekistan issued a decision to charge and detain the first one for attempted overthrow of the military regime . It appears that some time later an international search order was issued .
In March 2004 all parties to the case went to the Appeal Court . The company ’ s appeal only concerned costs and expenses . The company requested that the original claim be reversed and that the claims of the national bank be rejected .
On 26 February 2003 , when another demonstration was apparently supposed to take place in Yerevan , the president and two other members of his party set off by car from Ashnak village to Yerevan .
On 1 January 1996 sub-paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 217 § 1 were repealed and the whole section was removed . From that date on the relevant sub-paragraphs read :
On 12 October 2000 the judge was informed that his case had been transferred to another judge of the Rīga Regional Court and that the hearing had been set for 15 January 2001 .
The Prosecution Authorities Act 1985 states that the prosecution service is composed of the Principal Public Prosecutor and two public investigators . Public investigators are independent in carrying out their duties . However , they are under an order to follow the instructions of higher ranking officials .
On 27 December 2000 the defendant asked to be released from all court fees , in particular from the appeal fee . On 8 January 2001 his motion was sent to the Regional Court .
( e ) the 1973 Act had not been correctly applied in his case because the rifle in question had no breech-block , something which could be proven by his mother and half-brother , and hence could not be considered a weapon within the meaning of the Act .
France has asked the European Economic Community to put in place a uniform monitoring procedure , without delay , which all countries could apply in respect of non-member countries , based on the recommendations of the International Commission on Radiological Protection . Such measures should on no account prevent intracommunity relations . Furthermore , we have asked all the member States to inform their partners of any measurements taken and their results .
( a ) ' [ Journalists ' ] responsibility to the public [ shall take priority ] over their responsibility ... towards the ... authorities ... in particular ' ( Preamble ) .
Åshild Bjørnevoll , Pensioners Party : “ Young people are our future . Some of them live in difficult circumstances and need help and support . If they do not receive the assistance they require , it may have major consequences for us all . Vote for the Pensioners Party for a better future . ”
Where the claim is made after completion of the deadline referred to in section 1018 e § 1 , the claim can be considered provided that it is found reasonable for the person to meet the deadline , cf . section 1018 e § 2 of the Administration of Justice Act .
In the subsequent case , the District Court acquitted the defendant on 11 December 2002 . This is was before by the Regional Court on 3 June 2004 .
The defendant is a Dutch national , born in 1944 and living in Nijmegen , the Netherlands . He is represented before the Court by Mr M.P.H . Winters , a lawyer practising in Arnhem , the Netherlands .
The defendant is a Dutch national , born in 1944 and living in Nijmegen , the Netherlands . He is represented before the Court by Mr M.P.H . Winters , a lawyer practising in Arnhem , the Netherlands .
Under Chapter 7 , sections 1 and 2 ( as required by Law no . 580/2001 ) , a prisoner may appeal to a military court against , ex to , the condition of his or her immediate release on serving two-thirds or half of the sentence ( whichever is allowed under Chapter 2 , section 13 ) .
The mother ’ s children visited the family in prison for the first time in April 1999 . During his time in prison he met the children on a total of 36 occasions .
On 27 April 1999 the Supreme Administrative Court dismissed the government ’ s appeal against the decision of 6 November 1998 . The court held that voluntarily had failed to comply with the formal subject attached to this only , as she had not lodged a request to have the decision to by the Łódź Self-Government Board of Appeal . This decision is final .
The rights of entry and residence for foreigners were protected until 31 December 2004 by the Aliens Act ( Ausländergesetz ) and from 1 January 2005 by the Residency Act ( Aufenthaltsgesetz ) .
Under section 9 of the Federal Law on Enforcement Proceedings of 21 July 1997 , a court must execute a decision in two months . Under section 242.2.6 of the Budget Code of 31 July 1998 , the Ministry of Finance must execute a decision in three months .
After the hearing , the court delivered a decision , in which it removed from the case the part of the claim concerning the difference in the salary , which was joined with the third set of the salary , and rejected the whole of the defendant ’ s claim .
On 15 May 2001 the Court of Cassation reversed the decision of 12 June 2000 and sent the case file to the first-instance court .
an organised conspiracy amongst a number of officers , active support for criminals , the failure of the course of public justice , the betrayal of an important position of power for personal gain , and/or the corruption or attempted corruption of junior officers . ”
Article 17 of the Constitution protects the right to liberty and security of person and sets out the conditions under which a person 's liberty may be restricted . By paragraph 4 of this section , a civil court procedure shall be provided for by law , which shall also determine the maximum duration of detention pending trial .
On 15 July 2004 the Presidium of the Supreme Court of Yakutia allowed the Ministry ’ s supervisory-review complaint , and dismissed the case on the ground that the lower court had violated material law .
“ The rights and obligations set forth in the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms and its Protocols shall apply directly in Bosnia and Herzegovina . These shall have priority over all other law . ”
On 4 May 2005 the government started civil action in the Podilskyy District Court of Kyiv against the Police Office , claiming that his arrest and detention had been illegal and seeking relief on this account .
According to the paper , the Municipal Court held a hearing on 3 February 2004 . On 29 February 2004 the and , following the Municipal Court ’ s request of 19 February 2004 , expressed his opinion on the case .
– Secondly , the student had publicly attacked the Ministry of Education on the ground that the new books were produced in breach of international obligations made by Greece . As a result , he had committed the disciplinary offence of protesting the actions of his superiors in public using language which showed lack of respect or intentionally using false arguments ( Article 206 § 1–6 of the above-mentioned Code ) .
On 27 October 2004 the Constitutional Court declared the complaint itself as being highly ill-founded . It found that the Supreme Court had adequately examined the three ’ arguments , its conclusions were not necessarily wrong or wrong and its conclusions had been well drawn .
Following the Coroner ’ s recommendations , an Operational Notice was issued on 22 January 1997 to all divisions in respect of the safety , dealing with risk factors , signs and symptoms , and ways of taking risks . This was to be incorporated into a new two-day training course for Metropolitan Police Officers with effect from 1 April 1997 .
“ Detention on land shall be allowed only when it is mandatory ; this measure shall not be used if court or police supervision , or both of these measures , are considered adequate . ”
On 8 May 2001 the Chişinău Economic Court found in favour of the company and awarded it 244,939 Moldovan dollars ( MDL ) ( the equivalent of 21,050.46 million ( EUR ) at that time ) .
On 4 September 1941 the authorities gave the new ’ building . They sold the property first to the Department of Education and then to the Ministry of Industry and Agriculture . The building was used as public offices .
The president , Mr Mariusz Kowalewski , is a Polish national who was born in Saint Petersburg and lives in Kamińsk . The Polish Government ( “ the Government ” ) were represented by their Agent , Mr J. Wołąsiewicz of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs .
On 18 April 1995 the Local Government Pensions Institution ( kuntien eläkevakuutus , kommunernas pensionsförsäkring ) issued a new decision giving the company a disability pension from 1 February 1995 based on her inability to work since 11 January 1995 , i.e . it did not grant her a pension for the period 1 January 1994 to 31 January 1995 .
The relevant law is included in the Court ’ s decision in K. and T. v. Finland ( [ GC ] , no . 25702/94 , §§ 94-136 , ECHR 2001 ) .
On 12 July 1998 the case lodged with the Highest Court of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea ( of the “ HCARC ” ) an appeal against the decision of 5 June 1998 together with a request for the composition of the first instance court to be changed . In January 1999 the court was informed that the HCARC had only received the request but not the appeal .
On 16 October 2000 the defendant was convicted on the first count , which related to the preview page , and acquitted him on the two other counts . On 6 November 2000 he was sentenced to thirty months imprisonment .
( b ) The superiors in the department competent to carry out assessment and draw up assessment reports for officers are the following :
“ No letter of summons for service out of Cyprus of which it is to be given out of Cyprus , shall be sealed without the leave of the Court or a Judge . ”
( 3 ) In a decision under paragraph 2 of this Article , the Constitutional Court shall fix appropriate damages for the party in respect of the violation found concerning his legal rights ... The payment shall be paid from the State budget within a term of three months from the date when the party lodged a request for its payment .
On 28 September 1994 the Białystok District Prosecutor started criminal proceedings against the defendant on suspicion of having made threats . On 21 December 1994 the student was charged with making threats .
Decisions of the President of the Republic concerning matters within his sole authority and decisions of the Supreme Military Council shall not be subject to further review .
According to Section 40 , section 1.3 , of the Aliens Act ( ulkomaalaislaki , utlänningslag 378/1991 ) , an alien can be expelled from Finland , pro country , if he or she has committed an offence for which the minimum penalty is more than one year ’ s imprisonment , or if he or she has repeatedly committed criminal acts .
It is possible that , if a given package of care fails to meet [ the child 's ] complex educational and emotional needs , he will potentially pose a high risk of reoffending . At this time however I believe that a long term care order , with a stable foster placement and an appropriate educational package should be considered if an alternative to a prison sentence were felt viable .
In 1995 Pesterzsébeti Papírgyár Kft . made a motion for the protection of possessions with the Pesterzsébet Municipality . On 8 November 1995 the motion was rejected . Subsequently , on 23 August 1995 the court brought an action in trespass against Castell Ltd. , which claimed to be the successor of the original company , and other companies , including the parent company itself .
On 5 November 2002 the Frankfurt Regional Court , upon the defendant ’ s appeal , scheduled eight months for the period between 10 December 2002 and 22 January 2003 . On 29 November 2002 the lost the his appeal . He submitted that he had suffered mentally and physically from the length of the on against him . Therefore he would not have been able to attend the because .
“ The person who fails to recover the abandoned property is under an agreement to pay the owner the agreed amount until the date when he leaves , together with other remaining property ” .
In a decision of 5 December 1994 , deposited with the government on 13 February 1995 , the RAC gave evidence against the government .
On 5 August 2000 the P. , K. and P-o were questioned . They submitted that after two AKSM automatic rifles with two PBS-1 silencers , including the one seized from Ch. , had been returned to the military unit , they had been used according to their purpose . They had not been repaired and no parts of them had been replaced either .
The question concerning [ possible ] adoption of a final decision may be raised within ten days of the date of the decision .
In the light of the evidence , the recommendation and the conclusions contained in the opinion given by Senior Physician H.L . on 12 March 1992 to the Social Welfare Board of K. , can be considered appropriate . ...
Rilutek is listed in the register of drugs used in chronic diseases ( ... ) for a payment of 30 % [ of the price ] . That drug is paid at the rate of 70 % and the Health Insurance Fund pays such a part of the price . ...
On 1 January 2000 an act no . 345/1999 Coll . of the 274/1994 Act entered into force . It removed the rules set forth in Section 14 § 7 ( e ) of the 274/1994 Act . Consequently , in addition to his duty to pay contributions to the health insurance fund , the person became liable to contribute to the pension fund as well .
The court order was issued on the basis of proposal no . S–6923/08.06.2005 by the head of Plovdiv Regional Security Department , which contains data revealing that the presence of the alien in the [ Republic of Bulgaria ] puts national security in serious jeopardy .
On 20 December 1994 the Municipality recommended for the town ’ s application : that the plot in question be stripped of its green zone status . On 5 May 1995 the government was informed that the Governor ’ s office had not supported the Municipality ’ s recommendation .
[ The child 's mother ] was questioned in court and confirmed the fact that at the beginning her grandchildren had been very afraid of rain and wind and had been saying that a 'Worldwide Flood ' and an earthquake would take place . That is when [ the child 's mother ] learned that [ the family ] had been taking the children to meetings of the local 'Jehovah 's Witnesses ' .
`` to review on a continuing basis the rules , procedures , conditions and rules for the security of communications on behalf of the police , HM Customs and Excise and the security service as set out in [ the White Paper ] ; and to report to the Prime Minister '' ( Hansard , House of Commons , 1 April 1980 , cols . 207-208 ) .
On 25 November 1999 the case file was transferred to the court . On 10 December 1999 the Kuybyshevsky District Court of Donetsk ( the District Court ” ) committed the defendant to stand trial on charges of interference with the citizens ' right to vote , contrary to Article 127 § 2 of the CC ( see paragraph 41 below ) . It also decided not to release him from detention .
Between September 1993 and June 1994 the officers were dismissed from their posts because the American base where they used to work closed down .
In its decision of 9 March 1995 the Insurance Court reversed the decision of the Board for Unemployment Benefits , referring to the reasons stated here .
The Sofia Appellate Court listed a hearing for 12 February 1999 which was however cancelled as the prosecution had not made its appeal following the delivery of the reasoning of the first instance decision .
Following the adoption of law no . 4963 , which came into force on 7 August 2003 , Article 426 of the Criminal Code was revised . Accordingly , scientific and artistic works and any work of literary value was removed from the sphere of application of the Article .
Pensions of civil servants and their surviving children are protected by the Civil Servant 's Pension Act , the relevant sections of which at the material time read as follows :
On 6 February 2004 enforcement duties were started . On 28 July 2005 the lawyers ' office informed the government that the date of 20 January 2004 remained unenforced because the administration had no available housing or financial resources to purchase a flat .
On an unknown date the above military unit was dissolved and the outstanding debt was transferred to its legal successor , military unit A-1807 .
On 19 November 2002 the suspect was arrested on suspicion of forgery of documents as well as armed robbery and drug dealing , committed in an organised criminal group . Since September 2002 he had been in hiding .
The claim shall be made on an application lodged with the office of the court of appeal by a lawyer holding a special authority containing all the information prescribed by Article 125 of the Code of Civil Procedure .
The final decision could not be taken as planned since the children did not appear in time for the scheduled departure .
On 11 October 1999 the Frankfurt Court of Appeal decided that the court ’ s complaint for damages had been disposed of , as the District Court had in the meantime taken measures to promote the case by its decision of 10 August 1999 .
The government went against the decision to the High Court of Western Denmark ( Vestre Landsret ) maintaining that the fine and , in particular , the amount confiscated were related to the offence committed .
Biserica Sfantul Haralambie ( Saint Haralambie Church , or “ the old church ” ) , is a church registered in Moldova . The second , third , fourth and fifth candidates ( Mr Mihail Gondiu , Mr Arcadie Bulban , Mr Dumitru David , Mr Dumitru Croitoru ) are Moldovan nationals , were born in 1959 , 1931 , 1947 and 1948 , all and they live in Chisinau . All candidates are represented before the Court by Mr A. Guzun , a lawyer practising in Chisinau .
On 22 June 1994 the bank lodged a legal appeal ( ústavní stížnost ) with the Constitutional Court ( Ústavní soud ) against the District Court 's decision of 30 September 1993 and 30 March 1994 and the Municipal Court 's ruling of 17 May 1994 , with a proposal to remove sections 26 ( 4 ) and 41 ( 2 ) of the Act .
“ Whoever , without authorisation , knows the secret of another , in particular , a secret which belongs to the realm of personal privacy ( ... ) which was entrusted to , or otherwise made known to him in his capacity as a physician ( ... ) shall be punished with imprisonment for not more than a year or with a fine . ”
On 19 September 2000 the defendant , with the assistance of his lawyer Mrs Demirdaş , brought an action before the Tunceli Civil Court ( now the “ Tunceli Court ” ) , seeking increased protection . Mrs Demirdaş requested the court to accept the case despite the absence of the legal time-limit on 17 September 2000 , as she had had health problems from her taking the case earlier .
On 23 March 2000 , 22 January and 24 January 2001 the Kocaeli Provincial Private Administration paid the amounts due to Kamil Dağlı and Ahmet Güzel , Bedaettin Bahattin Gülşen1 , Sinan Erbil , Hüsnü Aksoy , Aykut Kocaman and Aziz Yıldırım jr . Details are indicated in the table below :
( a ) if he proves that during the time from the three first day to the one-hundred-and-eightieth day before the birth of the child , he was in the physical act of living with his wife on account of his being away from her , or some other accident ; or
The number of persons applying to these courts had already been approximately 170,000 . A further 800 persons , whose applications were pending before the Court , had also applied to the board and . Many villagers had already been awarded for for the damage they had sustained .
If a claimant is found unable to identify persons who could be affected by the outcome of the case , the court orders the publication of a press release , inviting such persons to join the party . If the identity of the persons is known but their current addresses can not be established , the court shall appoint a court officer ( be absenti ) to represent such persons .
After the accident the driver received long treatment in various hospitals , apparently serving at the same time his numerous prison sentences . In particular , he had various treatments in , ex with , the Polanica Plastic Surgery Hospital in 1985 , 1987 , 1990 , 1991 and twice in 1993 , in order to avoid the long-term consequences of his accident .
On 26 June 2001 the investigation was completed and new charges were brought against the group : in addition to banditism , they included assault on the life of a law-enforcement official and conspiracy to murder for profit , related to the victims ' official duties and committed repeatedly by an organised group following orders .
Of the ten meetings held between 23 April 1998 and 27 February 2001 , one was adjourned due to the absence of both parties and one was adjourned due to the absence of the other
The man , who considers himself a member of the Muslim Turkish minority of Thrace , is a graduate of the Special Academy for Teachers of Thessaloniki . He used to work as a teacher in the minority schools of Thrace . His conditions of employment were not different from those of other civil servants .
The father is a Moroccan national . He was born in 1954 and lives in Le Puy . He was represented before the Court by Mr Michel Gras , of the Le Puy Bar .
On 23 February 1998 the defendant and his wife sued . On 25 March 1998 the lawyers submitted their observations on the appeal . The file was transmitted to the Regional Court on 7 April 1998 . On 4 May 1998 the and 's lawyer submitted further reasons for the appeal .
The court 's first appeal was rejected on 16 July 2003 by the Administrative Jurisdiction Division ( Afdeling Bestuursrechtspraak ) of the Council of State , which rejected the Regional Court 's decision of 17 April 2003 .
“ In cases of resistance by persons whose arrest is necessary or by groups whose arrest is necessary or of their threatening to attack or carrying out an attack , the police may use violence to prevent these actions .
The Constitutional Court gave decision on 16 January 1987 ; the text of its decision was registered at the court on 22 January .
“ The minority groups , who have no armed forces , have been extremely vulnerable during the period of state collapse and absence of a justice system and rule of law to killing , torture , rape , kidnapping for ransom , and destruction of land and property with violence by the leaders and clan members . Such incidents are still being reported and are being documented by local human rights NGOs . ”
On 5 July 1999 the Skopje Municipal Court granted Ms D. 's claim , as it found , on the basis of the witnesses ' statements , expert report and additional expert report , that her late father had acquired the title to the main part of the house on the basis of the investment made .
On 30 April 1999 the government started civil action against ZS in the Celje District Court ( Okrožno sodišče v Celju ) seeking damages in the amount of 3,144,108 tolars ( approximately 13,000 dollars ) for the injuries sustained .
On 12 November 2001 the court stopped hearing in the woman ’ s case on the ground that she had failed to appear before the court .
On 31 March 1994 the public prosecutor issued an accusation charging the president and four others with membership of an illegal armed organisation and involvement in activities which threatened the good order of the State .
The National Security Courts were created by Law no . 1773 of 11 July 1973 , in line with Article 136 of the 1961 Constitution . That Law was confirmed by the Constitutional Court on 15 June 1976 . The courts in question were later to into the Turkish system system by the 1982 Constitution . The relevant part of the statement of reasons contains the following passage :
On 1 December 1995 the reporting judge at the Conseil d ’ Etat presented his report . On the same day the case was transferred to a government commissioner .
