reh’g denied (Feb. 10, 2016) (“where a federal statute provides for either statutory damages or actual damages, plaintiffs who fail to allege actual damages nonetheless [may] sue for statutory damages to satisfy both the injury in fact and the redressability requirements of Article III standing.
Given that the title of § 287.7(d) is “Temporary detention at Department request,” and that § 287.7(a) generally defines a detainer as a request, it is difficult to see how the timing section of the regulation would change that definition.
On the record date (the ‘Record Date’), the Fund received an initial distribution of $0.155570 USD per unit of the Fund held on the Record Date. "A44, ¶ 16; A571)
The United States Supreme Court has said that "an act inherently dangerous to human life ... done so recklessly and wantonly as to manifest a mind utterly without regard for human life and social duty and deliberately bent on mischief, is sufficient to demonstrate "malice."
Because the State of South Dakota filed suit on its own in state court in this case, with its hand-picked defendants, at a time of its own choosing, no such unfair prejudice is present, and FAG Bearings can appropriately be distinguished.
“The change in wording is meant to clarify that administrative law judges aren't in the business of impeaching claimants' character, especially as such assertions often cannot be either credited or rejected on the basis of medical evidence. Obviously administrative law judges will continue to assess the credibility of pain assertions by applicants.
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(f) allows courts to strike from a pleading an insufficient defense or any matter that is not important, immaterial, impertinent, or scandalous. The target of defendants' request to strike 'is not a pleading, but rather the responsive motion and declaration.
Because of this, courts use "strict scrutiny" when they need to decide if a group is being discriminated against because of its race, ethnicity, or national origin. For example, Banner v. United States, 428 F.3d 303, 307 (D.C.Cir.2005); Hunt v. Cromartie, 526 U.S. 541, 546, 119 S.Ct.
Plaintiff said she went to the clinic almost every month from January 2009 to December 2009. She said she went to the clinic because she could not breathe, and for "body ache; heart beating fast; I feel like I'm dying".
38, 45-46 (6th Cir.2007) (“[T]he Plan asserts a right to recover from a specific fund distinct from [the employee's] assets and a particular share of that fund to which the plan was entitled-all overpayments due to the receipt of Social Security benefit, but not to exceed the amount of benefits paid by the plan.
In order to obtain discovery, at a minimum, the plaintiff must establish a colorable or prima facie showing that personal jurisdiction has been established.
Plaintiffs argue that the risk of new-onset diabetes mellitus or hyperglycemia is significantly higher with Risperdal than with older, cheaper, and equally effective antipsychotic drugs, and that the company knew this.
In addition, Palermo says that his manager, Brittany Williams (Williams), and another one of his direct supervisors, Terry Green (Green), knew about the 2004 incident, but did not do anything about it.
Arch took no action on eight of those claims (Chart, Claims 13-20), and on March 1, 2010 they said they would not take action on the ninth claim (Chart, Claim 21) because they had already said they would not take action.
Because, apparently, no act of obeisance goes unpunished, the Federal Circuit then held, in November, 2015, 'that the safe harbor provision did not apply to' its infringing activities and vacated this Court's grant of summary judgment.
In determining whether Capital-Source retained a security interest in the cash proceeds, the court acknowledged that under § 9-332, after Delco Oil transferred the funds to Marathon, CapitalSource did not have a security interest in them.
The probation office filed a petition to revoke Defendant's supervised release, alleging Defendant had made threatening statements to a staff member and was (1) associating with a convicted felon (a female) without permission.
Accordingly, the court focuses solely on the first step of the above-mentioned inquiry: determining whether the state statutes "mandate or authorize a per se antitrust violation." Freedom Holdings IV, 624 F.3d at 49 (quotation marks and citation omitted).
Having considered the arguments of counsel, the motions, responses, and supporting evidence, the court will grant the summary-judgment motion and dismiss all of Plaintiffs' claims and all other pending motions for the reasons to follow.
Now pending before the court is the “Motion to Dismiss Plaintiffs Second Amended Complaint Pursuant to Rule 12(b)(6) of Defendants Danna McKitrick, Gene Byron Schenberg, Richard F. Huck, Michael J. McKitrick, Daniel McCann, and NetSecure Technologies, Ltd.
In its papers in opposition to BDP, Deltech identifies the Stolt/BDP contract as the operative one, the breach as a failure to properly prepare the bill of lading, and asserts its position as a third-party beneficiary, as BDP contracted to perform freight-forwarding duties for Stolt.
Unclean hands is a self-imposed ordinance that closes the doors of a court of equity to one who does not have clean hands. It comes from "the equitable maxim that 'he who comes into equity must come with clean hands' and originates from "the equitable maxim that 'he who comes into equity must come with clean hands' ".
First, in the Civil Remedy Notice filed with the State of Florida, Plaintiff alleged that the Defendant had already been provided with sufficient information to warrant a tender of policy limits, and advised that she was willing to accept the policy limits in order to settle the claim.
Laura J. Ramos claimed that her employer, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), discriminated against her on the basis of her race (Count I), subjected her to a hostile work environment (Count II), and retaliated against her after she filed a complaint (Count III).
For the reasons stated above, the Court WITHDRAWS its May 31, 2013, decision, SETS ASIDE the Board's August 2, 2011, decision, and REMANDS the matter for VA to seek verification of service from the Department of the Army.
About one week later, the FTC and Defendant filed a Consent Judgment and Order in which Defendant agreed to, among other things, not assess or collect “any Fee for a Default-Related Service, unless it is a reasonable fee charged for a service that is actually performed. "
The date of receipt of a claim will be accepted as the date of admission to a non-VA hospital, if VA maintenance was previously authorized; but if VA maintenance was authorized subsequent to admission, the date VA received notice of admission will be accepted.
Ms. Haynes later submitted a request to the Regional Office to reopen her claim on the presentation of new documentation showing an Army Board of Correction of Military Records (ABCMR) decision to award Ms. Haynes an annuity under the Uniformed Services Former Spouse Protection Act (USFSPA).
Five months after Mayor Graf was elected, he published a "From Your Mayor" article in the Farmingdale Observer. In the article, he said that the area near Secatogue Avenue was a "blighted" area, and that he wanted to make the area a better place to live.
The district court had federal question jurisdiction over the § 1983 claim and supplemental jurisdiction over the state-law gross negligence claim. Bass v. First Pac. said the federal court had to apply the law of the forum state to the same extent as if it were exercising its own jurisdiction over state law claims.
The 2005 Flow Plan explicitly provides these guidelines in the "SunTrust Mortgage guidelines" that are currently being used and have been mutually agreed upon. The partial integration doctrine applies in situations where the written instrument is silent on a material issue and therefore does not provide a "complete legal obligation."
On appeal to this Court, the appellant argued that she satisfied the criteria for non-service-connected burial benefits because 38 U.S.C. section 2302(a) should be interpreted to include those veterans who were entitled to receive compensation at death, and that Mr. Wingard was entitled to receive compensation at the time of his death.
In order to establish a prima facie case under § 1981, the plaintiff must show that (1) it is a member of a protected class; (2) it met the defendant's ordinary requirements to enter into a contract with it; (3) it was denied the opportunity to enter into a contract with the defendant that was otherwise afforded to companies owned by whites; and (4) it sought to enter into a contractual relationship with the defendant.
The court may issue a writ of mandamus only if three conditions are satisfied: The petitioner must show that he has no other way to get the relief he wants. If the court finds that the petitioner has no other way to get the relief he wants, then the writ is not allowed. The court must also find that the petitioner has a clear and indisputable right to the writ.
For the purposes of the statutes of limitations provided in section 255(a) of this title, when an action is commenced by the Secretary of Labor under this subsection, it shall be considered to be commenced in the case of any individual claimant on the date when the complaint is filed if he is specifically named as a party plaintiff in the complaint or if his name did not so appear, on the subsequent date on which his name is added as a party plaintiff in such action.
While a federal court may exercise supplemental jurisdiction over state law claims that are so related to claims in the action that they form a part of the same case or controversy under Article III of the United States Constitution, a court may decline to exercise such jurisdiction where it "has dismissed all claims over which it has original jurisdiction." In this case, the court found that the state law claims did not form a part of the same case or controversy under Article III of the United States Constitution, so it could not exercise supplemental jurisdiction over them.
While there is no evidence that the plaintiff expressly challenged the application of the limitations provision on the basis of the change in corporate entity, this Court finds the Sixth Circuit's application of the Chrysler Corporation provision instructive; the agreement with Pinnacle precludes a finding of just cause employment in the absence of evidence or legal authority to the contrary.
In this matter, Dr. Pence offers four opinions: (1) the Pinnacle product was inadequately labeled; (2) BSC did not conduct adequate testing of the Pinnacle product prior to placing them on the market; (3) patients could not adequately consent to the surgical implantation of the Pinnacle due to the misbranding of these products; and (4) BSC failed to meet the post-market vigilance standard of care for their products.
However, even if the plaintiff does so and makes out a prima facie retaliation claim, the government can avoid liability if it can show that it would have taken the same adverse action in the absence of the protected speech. Heil v. Santoro, 147 F.3d 103, 109 (2d Cir.1998).
In Galvanized Steel and Wire From the People's Republic of China, Commerce said that its final determination was based only on the concept that domestic subsi dies had a symmetrical effect upon export and domestic prices, and that Commerce's offsetting practice for the AD cash deposit rate was different.
Because the State of South Dakota filed suit on its own in state court in this case, with its hand-picked defendants, at a time of its own choosing, no such unfair prejudice is present, and FAG Bearings can appropriately be distinguished.
The Government has called at trial two so-called co-conspirators, alleged co-conspirators of the defendants who have pleaded guilty and who are hoping to receive a reduction in their sentence by testifying at trial.
A farmout agreement is "a very common form of agreement between operators, whereby a lease owner (i.e. a land owner) and another operator (i.e. a company that drills for oil or gas) agree to give each other a portion of the lease.
To the extent Mr. Washington argues that the Veterans Court should have decided the gunshot wound claim in his favor without requiring a remand, he raises issues of his credibility, and he raises factual .issues of sufficiency of the evidence.
The Fourth Circuit reasoned that the state must provide juveniles with the opportunity to obtain release for any reason, because the Parole Board has the authority to deny release for any reason, even if the release is based on demonstrated maturity and rehabilitation.
Before this court, Mr. Smith characterizes the Plan as a settlement agreement and argues that the Veterans Court failed to "enforce" the agreement; Mr. Smith requests that we remand his case to the Veterans Court in order to ensure that the settlement agreement is "enforceable."
In this case, where the defendant has failed to respond and the plaintiff has not produced time-sheets, the Court will accept Martinez's declaration as to the hours she worked and wages she received, except to the extent that her declaration seeks relief beyond that sought in the complaint.
In all, the development of the Plan entailed a process of shifting and re-shifting portions of the County from one district to another, reviewing the resdlt, and trying again. In developing the remedial plans, the Commissioners deferred greatly to Brace and their attorneys regarding the plans' legality.
The more recent cases arising out of the North Carolina appellate courts, which seem to recognize proof of either force or violence, show that there is a problem with the current definition of assault on a female. In these cases, a battery based on force alone, even if only slight, provides the basis for the "assault" element of the crime.
The Wisconsin Supreme Court concluded that chapter 980 did not require dismissal of Gilbert's commitment petition because the chapter does not set a time period for execution of a commitment order, provides that an individual may be simultaneously committed under chapter 980 and incarcerated at a DOC facility, and does not contain language allowing for dismissal.
