The role of the CPSU in the former Soviet Union was delineated in Article 6 of the Constitution of the USSR ( 1977 ) and in Article 6 of the Constitution of the Latvian SSR ( 1978 ) , which were phrased along indistinguishable lines . Those stipulations stated :
The applicant was nabbed and detained between 4 February 1997 and 2 April 1997 . On 6 March 1997 the provisionary indictment was served on him .
On 25 June 1993 the applicant was charged with manslaughter . It seems that the applicant had by then left the country and was not informed of the decision .
On 20 June 2000 the Industrialnyy District Court of Barnaul found , upon the applicant 's complaint , that the search had been improper . The judgement was not requested against and produced legal force ten days later . On 8 May 2001 the Presidium of the Altay Regional Court scorned the Prosecutor 's applications for supervisory review and reasserted the judgement of 20 June 2000 .
On 19 December 1986 the judge gave approval for a lawyer to be told to act in proceedings brought by P.C . contesting the bankrupt estate 's liabilities .
On 12 February 1999 and 17 September 1999 , the Commercial Court and the High Commercial Court in Belgrade ( Viši privredni sud u Beogradu ) , respectively , scorned the debitors ' requests for a stay of the enforcement proceedings .
The public prosecutor may also apply at any time for the accused to be freed . The investigating judge shall rule within five days of such an applications . ”
The applicant was given an opportunity to finish his claim in writing and by decision of 28 January 1999 the Administrative Court of Appeal declined the applicant ’ s request for leave to appeal .
In 1992 the Federal Constitutional Court instituted that the self-denial of the existence of gas chambers was an claim of facts which had been shown false and that this allegement can be forbade on account of their offending nature . In 1996 the Bavarian Court of Appeal affirmed that the self-denial of the existence of gas chambers was punishable under Section 189 of the Criminal Code .
“ Where the harm results from administrative deeds or acts ... the right to make a claim shall lapse one year after the event giving rise to the claim for recompense . ”
On 8 March 1995 the Fethiye Assize Court revised the legal failures in its former judgement and handed down the same sentence against the applicant . The applicant appealed .
The pertinent domestic law and practice concerning the imposition of detainment on remand ( aresztowanie tymczasowe ) , the grounds for its protraction , release from detainment and rules controlling other , so-called “ curative measures ” ( środki zapobiegawcze ) are posited in the Court 's decisions in the cases of Gołek v. Poland , no . 31330/02 , §§ 27-33 , 25 April 2006 and Celejewski v. Poland , no . 17584/04 , §§ 22-23 , 4 August 2006 .
Pursuant to section 39 of the Law , soberingup centers are to be set up and controlled by the authorities of municipalities with more than 50,000 habitants . Section 40 of the Law , as applicable at the pertinent time , provided , in so far as germane :
As there was again no response , on 25 October 1999 the applicant 's lawyer sent another letter to the public lawyer , requesting data about any action undertaken concerning the applicant 's case . He made no reference to the civil proceedings that had already completed and did not inform the public lawyer of the identity of the police officers concerned , which had been decided in the course of the civil proceedings .
On an unspecified date in 1992 , the appliers allegedly wanted the enforcement of this judgement before the Ankara 6th Enforcement Office . They have not , however , presented any indorsing documents concerning these enforcement proceedings , which they blamed on the devastation of the archives of the enforcement office .
Eleven proceedings were adjourned because of several problems due to the authorities , such as the failure to decently send or serve papers on litigants , or to receive expert reports in time .
On 23 September 2004 the Pavlograd City Court scorned the applicant 's complaint against the Bailiffs . The court showed , inter alia , that the award could not be paid due to the debitor 's lack of monies . The scope of action for the Bailiffs was also curbed by the monies allotted from the State Budget to the Ministry of Fuel and Energy for payment of the postindustrial benefits .
If despite any evidence relied upon to explicate his silence or in the absence of any such information , the jury conclude the silence can only sanely be ascribed to the litigant 's having no answer or none that would stand up to cross-examination , they may draw an unfavorable inference . ”
On the Saturday morning before being accompanied back to Broadmoor , X had told lawyers to apply for a writ of habeas corpus on his behalf .
The witnessers said that the plot had been used by the ancestor of the litigants prior to the Gulf War and that during the Gulf War the military command had moved the fence and had taken real possession of half the plot .
A subsequent article by the second applicant , dated 16 January 1993 and titled “ The Attorney-General and the buffoons [ μασκαράδες ] ” , stated that the Minister of Defence , Mr Aloneftis , through an article in another Cypriot newspaper , had had the “ astounding nerve ” to request Alithia to name the providers of weapons systems who were paying commissionings to State officials . The article read as follows :
The applicant was one of the six founding partners and a holder of 24 % of the stocks of a limited liability company ( “ the company ” ) set up on 12 June 1996 to run a retail shop . The shop , privatised by those partners in 1994 and valued at some 50,100 Georgian laris ( GEL ) ( about 22,000 euros ( EUR ) ) , was appointed as the company ’ s founding capital .
An explanatory note attached to the back of the scan image referred to the hemorrhage as “ acute ” , in other words resulting from bleeding over a protracted period .
The applicant , Ms Josefin Hallgren , is a Swedish national , who was born in 1974 and lives in Enskede , Sweden . She is represented before the Court by Mrs R. Harrold-Claesson , a lawyer practising in Olofstorp , Sweden .
The above requirement may be fulfilled in the manner delineated by the Commission in its decision requesting the proscribed aid to be abolished . If the requirement is not met , the aid in question will once more become illegal .
The applicant appealed to the Administrative Court of Appeal ( kammarrätten ) in Stockholm . Again , he did not request an oral hearing . On 14 February 1997 his appeals were spurned .
The convening officer usually acted as confirming officer also. A court-martial’s findings were not effective until confirmed by the confirming officer, who was empowered to withhold confirmation or substitute, postpone or remit in whole or in part any sentence.
By an order of 2 August 1999 , the division of the Palermo District Court responsible for studying preventative measures ( “ the Specialised Division ” ) , finding that the prelim probes judge had not correctly judged the information of the applier ’ s guilt , set aside the order of 12 July 1999 and ordered the applicant ’ s release .
On 14 November 1986 the property-management company Régie Naef SA ( `` Naef '' ) , which controlled the building in which the flat in issue was located , informed the applicant that restoration and building work was going to be carried out on the block .
As far as the protection of written connections between lawyer and customer is worried , it is evident from the legal systems of the Member States that , although the principle of such protection is generally recognised , its scope and the standards for implementing it vary ...
The applicant filed a petition for review with the Supreme Court . On 9 February 2005 the Supreme Court sacked the applicant ’ s petition . This judgement was served on him on 25 April 2005 .
“ The USSR State Security Committee ( NKVD , NKGB , MGB , KGB – hereafter ‘ the SSC ’ ) is recognised as a criminal organization which was responsible for war crimes , genocide , subjection , terror and political ill-treatment in the territory of Lithuania when inhabited by the USSR . ”
One of the main goals of the applier association is the protection of human rights . The second applicant is a attorney . His practice includes acting as counsel in civil and illegal cases in the courtrooms in Plovdiv and representing appliers in proceedings before the European Court of Human Rights .
“ It shall be an offense punishable by incarceration or a fine following a complaint to use a camera to observe , or image-recording instrumentation to record , any matter pertaining to a person ’ s personal life or , if it would not be in public view but for the camera or instrumentation , to his or her private life , without the consent of the person concerned . ”
On 29 and 30 September 2003 the applicant company filed papers with ANRTI showing its new address , together with a request to change its permits accordingly , and paid the license fee .
In December 2004 the applicant created proceedings in the Voroshylovskyy District Court of the Donetsk Region against the Bailiffs ' Service for the non-enforcement of the judgement in his favor . On 5 April 2005 the court found for the applicant and ordered the Bailiffs ' Service to implement the judgement in question .
On 9 August 2006 a deputy Prosecutor General filed an request for supervisory review with the Presidium of the Krasnodar Regional Court . He presented that the Krasnodar Regional Court had contravened the applicant ’ s right to attend the appeal hearing .
In July 2001 the applicant appealed against the order , contending that the Regional Court had failed to publish a rational judgement concerning the extension of her detainment . Three of the applicant ’ s co-defendants also appealed and wanted leave to appear at the appeal hearing . The applicant did not file such a request .
By an extra decision dated 4 May 2004 , the Ankara State Security Court , taking into account the amendment to the definition of “ terror acts ” under section 7 of Law no . 3713 pursuant to Law no . 4928 , cleared the applicant , who had not taken part in any savage activities , and voided his conviction , together with all its consequences . This decision became final on 11 May 2004 .
On 24 March 2004 the Edineţ District Court decided in favor of the applicant and ordered the litigant to pay him 97,000 Moldovan lei ( MDL ) ( the equivalent of 6,284 euros ( EUR ) at the time ) . The judgement was not challenged against and after fifteen days it became final and enforceable .
As to Article 10 of the Convention , the Constitutional Court observed that its application in respect of taping court sessions had not yet been screened . The lacking Convention standard had therefore to be replaced by a domestic standard . The Constitutional Court was of the view that there was accordingly a violation of Article 10 of the Convention as well .
Section 72 provides that an administrative judgment taken on the virtues of a case may be quested in court within thirty days from its delivery . Such legal review may , however , take place only if the administrative remedies - if any - available in the case have already been exhausted .
The applicant , Mr Ousman Mbengeh , is a Gambian national who was born in 1971 and lived , at the time of depositing his applications with the Court , in Helsinki . He is represented before the Court by Ms K. Heimonen , a lawyer practising in Espoo .
In the 1980 ’ s building work was started in order to build a road to the Island of Onkisalo , which has no link to the mainland . The part of the road ( the Kattilaniemi road ) which is located on the mainland , and in the construction of which the applicants also participated , was completed at the end of the 1980 ’ s .
In April 1997 the applicant requested the Government to exert its power under Chapter 7 , Section 16 of the Aliens Act to cancel the ejection order . By a judgement of 5 June 1997 the Government scorned the request .
“ If the Supreme Court sees that a complaint does not provide grounds for altering the judgment quested against and does not require replies to queries of law in the interests of the unity or growth of the law , it may , in giving reasons for its decision on the matter , limit itself to that finding . ”
The applicant is a Greek national , born in 1949 and living in Varkiza in Attika . She is represented before the Court by Mr M. Angelopoulos , a lawyer practising in Athens .
The first piece of legislation on dress in higher-education hospitals was a set of rules that was released by the Cabinet on 22 July 1981 , which required staff working for public bodies and hospitals and staffs and bookmen at State hospitals to wear everyday , sober , modern dress . The rules also provided that female members of staff and bookmen should not wear veils in educational institutions .
On 12 December 1994 a hearing was held in the case . The applicant limited the amount affirmed to AS 24,339.80 and presented further documentation . The court recessed the proceeding for the files in all parallel proceedings to be received .
On 30 September 2003 the Cologne Court of Appeal ( Oberlandesgericht ) scorned the applicant ’ s appeal as admissible on the ground that the applier had failed to present the grounds for his appeal within the legal time-limit of one month . This judgment was served on the applicant on 8 October 2003 .
“ A second-instance court rejects in a hearing held in camera a cassation appeal filed after a prescribed time-limit or which is admissible on other grounds ( ... ) . ”
The number of individuals applying to these fees had already achieved about 170,000 . A further 800 individuals , whose usages were pending before the Court , had also applied to the recompense commissionings . Many habitants had already been allocated recompense for the harm they had sustained .
The applicant was fined GBP 2,000 and ordered to pay GBP 300 costs . At the same trial , the editor of the newspaper was convicted and fined following a “ guilty ” plea and SBN itself , which was by that time in liquidation , was convicted and fined in its absence following a “ not guilty ” plea .
In April 2000 the applicant and his wife separated . In a divorcement judgement , the Poznan Regional Court awarded guardianship of the parties ’ two-year-old son M. to the mother and gave the applicant access to the child three times per month .
In the meantime two further durations – of thirty days each – of the applicant ’ s detainment on remand were ordered by the Regional Court on 22 April and 19 May 2004 , respectively . Both times the Regional Court based its judgement on the grounds given in its decision of 25 March 2004 .
On 4 February 1987 the Athens District Court resolved to adjourn consideration of action no . 10429/1986 until 18 February 1987 . According to the appliers , this adjournment was ordered at the litigants ’ request .
At the same time , the applicant presented to the Supreme Court numerous usages and pleadings asserting various legal misdeeds perpetrated by the prosecution while performing the pre-trial inquiry . In his pleadings of 16 December 1994 the applier also declared that the prosecutor ’ s statements in support of his guilt were ill-founded , and that the case-file included no legitimate evidence .
In 1993 the heirs of the pre-nationalisation possessors of the apartment brought an action against the first applicant ’ s husband under section 7 of the Restitution Law . The appliers were not parties to the proceedings .
The functioning of the Courts Administration Office attached to the Supreme Court of the Russian Federation is mainly governed by the 1996 Law on the Judicial System of the Russian Federation ( sections 30 , 31 , 33 ) , the 1998 Law on the Courts Administration Office at the Supreme Court of the Russian Federation and the 1992 Law on the Status of Judges ( section 9 ) .
Court fees are in fixed amounts , regardless of the amount demanded . The fees are different for first instance and appellate courts and small in quantum : none of them outstrips EUR 30 , according to the Decree no . 285 of 13 November 2002 .
On 15 November 2002 the Voroshilovskiy District Court of Volgograd upheld the Presiding Committee ’ s decision . The applicant did not appeal against the judgement .
At the applicant 's request , the case was shelved between 29 January 1999 and 1 August 2000 pending a related disagreement . After holding numerous further auditions and receiving the views of extra experts , the court split the marital property on 8 June 2004 .
On 24 September 2001 the court gave the federals ' request for stay in the proceedings on the grounds that there were pending related proceedings in the Supreme Court of Russia and in the Constitutional Court of Russia . The proceedings in the Constitutional Court had been started by the applicant ( see para . 60 below ) . The applicant appealed against the decision to stay the proceedings , to no avail .
On the same day , the applicant underwent medical exam at the Istanbul Forensic Institute . He told the bookman that he had not been subjected to any form of ill-treatment . Having probed the applicant , the physician stated the following :
“ There are clearly fears about the circumstances in which asylum-seekers may be detained in Greece . It is not however shown that they give rise to systematized offences of Article 3 .
In a report of 5 December 1991 that he laid before the National Assembly on behalf of the Cultural , Family and Social Affairs Committee , Mr Boulard , MP , showed that a victim could seek better recompense after receiving an offer from the Fund :
No oral hearing was held at any time of the proceedings , nor did the applicant request that such a proceeding be held . He was represented by counsel at least before the Supreme Administrative Court .
However , the decision by the Administrative Court was revoked , by three votes to two , by the Supreme Administrative Court ( korkein hallinto-oikeus , högsta förvaltningsdomstolen ) on 3 August 2001 . It found that there were no vacant jobs available to the applicant as the municipality in January 2000 had decided not to fill the post as head of buying . Thus , the sacking of the applicant became final .
Article 462 provided a list of the assertions which the trial tribunals were authorised , subject to certain conditions , to have read out at the trial ; they included assertions received by an investigating judge during a showdown between a witnesser and an accused .
The stipulations pertaining to juveniles detained “ during Her Majesty ’ s pleasure ” at the time of the applicant ’ s conviction are set out in T. v. the United Kingdom , mentioned above , §§ 33-42 .
The applicant , a limited liability company with its seat in Vienna , is the owner of the daily newspaper Der Standard .
On 18 March 2004 , after having heard the applicant , the Maastricht Regional Court protracted the applicant ’ s detainment on remand by a further thirty days . It held :
Extensive powers have been awarded to the Regional Governor of the State of Emergency by edicts decreed under Law no . 2935 on the State of Emergency ( 25 October 1983 ) , particularly Decree no . 285 , as revised by Decrees nos . 424 and 425 , and Decree no . 430 .
In a response of 29 May 2006 the Enforcement Department , officially classing the applicants ’ case as of high importance , promised to initiate proper enforcement steps with the goal of paying the above-mentioned arrears without postponement .
The facts pertaining to the second recompense program and the relevant legal conditions , which are not directly related for the merits stage of the present case , are set out in paragraphs 29-42 of the acceptability judgement ( see Woś v. Poland ( dec. ) , no . 22860/02 , ECHR 2005-IV ) .
Relying on the precepts created in its decision no . U-III-2220/2002 of 15 September 2004 ( Official Gazette nos . 141/04 and 6/05 ) , the Constitutional Court sees that , despite his acquittal in the criminal proceedings against him , the applier 's sacking on the grounds under section 123 of the Police Act did not breach his constitutive right under Article 28 of the Constitution . ”
The applicant and Mr and Mrs Hauser sought recompense from the State for the pecuniary harm suffered on account of their detainment .
On 26 December 2002 the applicant informed the Court that the judgement had been punished when , on 18 December 2002 , he had been paid UAH 3,604 .
A civil servant is entitled to an extra responsibilities allowance which has to be taken into account when judging his pension claim , if he permanently ...
The applicant , Mr Bonitto Lawrence , is a British national who was born in 1937 and lives in London . He was represented before the Court by Ms R. White , a welfare rights worker in London . The United Kingdom Government ( “ the Government ” ) were represented by their Agent , Mr C. Whomersley of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office .
On 23 February 1999 the accused police officer O.K . 's statement was taken on commission before the Samsun Criminal Court . He disavowed the accusations .
Meanwhile , following the applicant ’ s inquiry about the writ of execution , on 10 March 2003 the FINA – Sisak Office informed him that it had never received the writ from the Sisak Municipal Court .
After the election in Denmark on 20 November 2001 the new Government decided to provide a report on closed shop accords . The report was presented in June 2002 ( Betænkning nr . 1419 , Udvalget om eksklusivbestemmelser ) and suggested that closed shop accord be forbade .
On 21 December 1995 the applicant , by declining to grant the right of way , caused a traffic accident in which the driver of another car was injured .
On 6 September 1993 the General Directorate of National Roads and Highways divested plots of land belonging to the applicants in Istanbul . A commission of experts judged the value of the pieces of land belonging to the applicants and recompense was paid to them when the confiscation took place .
Section 122 of the Federal Court Act of 17 June 2005 , in force since 1 January 2007 , produces section 139a of the former Federal Judicature Act . It provides :
It seems that J.P. created another set of proceedings against the applicant – a civil claim for recompense for non-pecuniary harm – and that the domestic courts ordered the applier to pay him recompense in the sum of RSD 50,000 ( about EUR 540 ) . However , the applicant did not include these proceedings in his charges raised before the Court .
Later in May 2001 the relatives interceded with a person whom the applier viewed as a “ middleman from Khankala ” , the main national military base in Chechnya , and offered to pay money for the release of the detained men . He was assisted by three other individuals , whom the applicant also called “ middlemen ” .
Although the children are involved with the father in a constructive way , this involution is limited . The children indicate that they do not wish to live with the father . The father wishes to be returned in his parental authority in order to be able to request a more central role in the provision of aid to the children .
The procedure must also be simple , and providing voters with special appealingness forms helps to make it so . It is necessary to remove formalism , and so avoid choices of unacceptability , especially in politically touchy cases .
On 30 October 1997 , following the forwarding of a report from the Ile-de-France Regional Audit Office to the Paris public lawyer on 29 September 1997 , a judicial inquiry was opened at the Paris court de grande instance against an unknown person for favoritism in the award of public contracts for supplyings and printing services by SEMPAP . Two probing judges from the court were put in charge of the inquiry .
On 12 October 2001 , after a further review of the case , the Labour Court gave a decision and held that the accident had been occupational .
On 4 December 1997 the Speaker met with the applicant and Mr Adams , and declined once again to reconsider her decision to limit installations and services of Parliament to members who had not taken the oath .
A further hearing was set for 26 April 1999 . By letter of 22 April 1999 , the applicant informed the Court of Appeal that he did not intend to appear . He said that he did not believe the police officers to make a correct identification except in a showdown attended by enough safeguards , for example a line-up of himself and other individuals of similar appearance .
I consider that the detainment request by [ reference to the lawyer ’ s name ] is confirmed and that there exist legal grounds for giving it . Thus , in so far as the accused , G. Nikolaishvili , is charged with a less serious crime , the danger that , if freed , he might limit the establishment of the truth or abscond from the inquiry and trial is corroborated ... ”
Meanwhile , on 2 March 2002 the Pest Central District Court ordered the applicant ’ s pre-trial detainment , referring to the risk of his absconding , in particular in view of the fact that he had not been living at his registered address for more than two years . Additional reference was made to the risk of collusion . On 11 March 2002 the Budapest Regional Court sacked his appeal .
Until September 1993 the applicants lived in Kayabaş , a village of the Dağcılar village , in the region of Silvan , in Diyarbakır .
The estate regent shall not have the right to take over the possession of or see the debitor ’ s private correspondence or other personal documents . Any personal documents of the debitor , which are of no relevancy to the administration of the estate , shall be produced to the debtor . ”
In a letter of 11 March 2002 to the High Court lawyer made several entries in favor of recessing the case , inter alia that he affirmed his request for extra evidence and that the case ought to await the judgment of the Court in the case Pedersen and Pedersen v. Denmark ( mentioned above ) .
with intention to cause that person to believe that immediate illicit wildness will be used against him or another by any person , or to cause the unmediated use of illicit wildness by that person or another , or whereby that person is likely to believe that such aggression will be used or it is likely that such aggression will be caused .
The award was however less than the £750,000 paid into court by the litigants , and thus the applicant became liable to pay a strong amount of costs .
The legal provisoes relevant at the material time and motions of practice are set out in paragraphs 23-33 of the decision produced by the Court on 19 June 2001 in the case of Kreuz v. Poland ( no . 28249/95 , ECHR 2001-VI ; see also Jedamski and Jedamska v. Poland , no . 73547/01 , §§ 2939 ) .
On 22 December 2006 the Oktyabrskiy District Court of Rostov-on-Don decided that the applicant ’ s monthly recompense should amount to RUB 54,126.70 as from 1 January 2006 . The court also obligated the litigant to pay the applier RUB 772,454.67 in arrears for the period from 1 January 2002 to 31 December 2005 .
The first applicant , Mr Volodymyr Kuzmych Vovk , is a Ukrainian national who was born in 1954 and resides in the village of Slabyn in the Chernigiv region .
On 16 March 1999 the deputy lawyer of the Namangan Region in Uzbekistan released a decision to charge and hold the first applicant for attempted subversion of the constitutional regime . It seems that some time later an international search warrant was issued .
In March 2004 all parties to the case appealed to the Appeal Court . The applicant ’ s appeal only concerned costs and costs . The company requested that the default decision be voided and that the assertions of the creditor bank be scorned .
On 26 February 2003 , when another protest was plainly expected to take place in Yerevan , the applicant and two other members of his party set off by car from Ashnak village to Yerevan .
On 1 January 1996 sub-paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 217 § 1 were annulled and the whole provision was redrafted . From that date onward the germane sub-paragraphs read :
On 12 October 2000 the applicant was informed that his case had been moved to another jurist of the Rīga Regional Court and that the hearing had been set for 15 January 2001 .
The Prosecution Authorities Act 1985 provides that the prosecution service is comprised of the Principal Public Prosecutor and adjunct public prosecutors . Public lawyers are independent in carrying out their responsibilities . However , they are under an obligation to follow the directions of higher ranking prosecutors .
On 27 December 2000 the applicant asked to be exempted from all court fees , in particular from the appeal fee . On 8 January 2001 his motion was sent to the Regional Court .
( e ) the 1973 Act had not been correctly quested in his case because the firearm in question had no breech-block , something which could be proven by his mother and half-brother , and hence could not be considered a weapon within the meaning of the Act .
France has asked the European Economic Community to put in place a uniform watching process , without postponement , which all countries could apply in respect of non-member countries , based on the recommendations of the International Commission on Radiological Protection . Such steps should on no account hinder intracommunity exchanges . Furthermore , we have asked all the member States to inform their partners of any measurings taken and their results .
( a ) ' [ Journalists ' ] responsibleness to the public [ shall take precedence ] over their responsibleness ... towards the ... authorities ... in particular ' ( Preamble ) .
Åshild Bjørnevoll , Pensioners Party : “ Young people are our future . Some of them live in difficult conditions and need help and support . If they do not receive the help they require , it may have major effects for us all . Vote for the Pensioners Party for a better future . ”
Where the claim is made after expiration of the deadline referred to in section 1018 e § 1 , the claim can be considered provided that it is found pardonable for the person to surpass the deadline , cf . section 1018 e § 2 of the Administration of Justice Act .
In the resumed proceedings , the District Court exonerated the applicant on 11 December 2002 . This decision was voided by the Regional Court on 3 June 2004 .
The applicant is a Dutch national , born in 1944 and living in Nijmegen , the Netherlands . He is represented before the Court by Mr M.P.H . Winters , a lawyer practising in Arnhem , the Netherlands .
Proceedings were continued before the Rheinfelden District Court which fixed a new trial for 14 December 1994 . As the applier only received the invitation on 13 December , a new hearing was fixed for 8 March 1995 . The applicant contested the President of the District Court , whereupon the Deputy President presided .
Under Chapter 7 , sections 1 and 2 ( as revised by Law no . 580/2001 ) , a prisoner may appeal to a district court against , inter alia , the delay of his or her conditional release on serving two-thirds or half of the sentence ( whichever is applicable under Chapter 2 , section 13 ) .
The applicant ’ s children toured the applicant in prison for the first time in April 1999 . During his time in prison he met the children on a total of 36 occasions .
On 27 April 1999 the Supreme Administrative Court fired the applicant ’ s appeal against the judgment of 6 November 1998 . The court held that applicant had failed to comply with the formal demands attached to this remedy , as she had not filed a request to have the judgment considered by the Łódź Self-Government Board of Appeal . This judgement is final .
The rights of entry and residence for outsiders were controlled until 31 December 2004 by the Aliens Act ( Ausländergesetz ) and from 1 January 2005 by the Residency Act ( Aufenthaltsgesetz ) .
Under section 9 of the Federal Law on Enforcement Proceedings of 21 July 1997 , a bailiff must implement a judgement in two months . Under section 242.2.6 of the Budget Code of 31 July 1998 , the Ministry of Finance must implement a judgement in three months .
After the hearing , the court produced a decision , in which it ejected from the proceedings the part of the claim concerning the difference in the salary , which was joined with the third set of the proceedings , and scorned the rest of the applier ’ s claim .
On 15 May 2001 the Court of Cassation reduced the judgement of 12 June 2000 and sent the case file to the first-instance court .
an organized conspiracy amongst a number of officers , active support for felons , the perversion of the course of public justice , the treachery of an important position of trust for personal gain , and/or the immorality or attempted immorality of junior officers . ”
Article 17 of the Constitution obtains the right to freedom and security of person and sets out the procedures under which a person 's freedom may be limited . By paragraph 4 of this provision , a habeas corpus process shall be gave for by law , which shall also choose the maximum length of detainment pending trial .
On 15 July 2004 the Presidium of the Supreme Court of Yakutia allowed the Ministry ’ s supervisory-review complaint , and reduced the judgement on the ground that the district court had misread material law .
“ The rights and immunities set forth in the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms and its Protocols shall apply directly in Bosnia and Herzegovina . These shall have priority over all other law . ”
On 4 May 2005 the applicant created civil proceedings in the Podilskyy District Court of Kyiv against the Police Office , avowing that his arrest and detainment had been improper and wanting recompense on this account .
According to the applicant , the Municipal Court held a hearing on 3 February 2004 . On 29 February 2004 the applicant , following the Municipal Court ’ s request of 19 February 2004 , evinced his opinion on the case .
– Secondly , the applicant had publically criticised the Ministry of Education on the ground that the new books were presented in breach of foreign accords agreed by Greece . As a result , he had committed the disciplinary offense of criticising the actions of his higher-ups in public using diction which showed lack of regard or purposely using baseless arguings ( Article 206 § 1–6 of the above-mentioned Code ) .
On 27 October 2004 the Constitutional Court declared the complaint inadmissible as being manifestly ill-founded. It found that the Supreme Court had adequately examined the plaintiffs’ arguments, its findings were not manifestly arbitrary or wrong and its conclusions had been adequately reasoned.
Following the Coroner’s recommendations, an Operational Notice was issued on 22 January 1997 to all divisions in respect of positional asphyxia, dealing with risk factors, signs and symptoms, and ways of reducing risks. This was to be incorporated into a new two-day training course for Metropolitan Police Officers with effect from 1 April 1997.
“Detention on remand shall be imposed only when it is mandatory; this measure shall not be imposed if bail or police supervision, or both of these measures, are considered adequate.”
On 8 May 2001 the Chişinău Economic Court found in favor of the applicant and awarded it 244,939 Moldovan lei ( MDL ) ( the equivalent of 21,050.46 euros ( EUR ) at that time ) .
On 4 September 1941 the authorities arrogated the applicants ’ building . They allotted the property first to the Department of Education and then to the Ministry of Industry and Agriculture . The building was used as public offices .
The applicant , Mr Mariusz Kowalewski , is a Polish national who was born in Saint Petersburg and lives in Kamińsk . The Polish Government ( “ the Government ” ) were represented by their Agent , Mr J. Wołąsiewicz of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs .
On 18 April 1995 the Local Government Pensions Institution ( kuntien eläkevakuutus , kommunernas pensionsförsäkring ) released a new judgment giving the applicant a disability pension from 1 February 1995 based on her inability to work since 11 January 1995 , i.e . it did not give her a pension for the period 1 January 1994 to 31 January 1995 .
The relevant legislation is outlined in the Court ’ s judgment in K. and T. v. Finland ( [ GC ] , no . 25702/94 , §§ 94-136 , ECHR 2001 ) .
On 12 July 1998 the applicant lodged with the Highest Court of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea ( hereinafter the “ HCARC ” ) an appeal against the decision of 5 June 1998 together with a request for the composition of the first instance court to be changed . In January 1999 the applicant was informed that the HCARC had only received the request but not the appeal .
On 16 October 2000 the applicant was convicted on the first count , which related to the preview page , and acquitted him on the two other counts . On 6 November 2000 he was sentenced to thirty months imprisonment .
( b ) The superiors in the hierarchy competent to carry out assessment and draw up assessment reports for officers are the following :
“ No writ of summons for service out of Cyprus of which notice is to be given out of Cyprus , shall be sealed without the leave of the Court or a Judge . ”
( 3 ) In a decision under paragraph 2 of this Article , the Constitutional Court shall fix appropriate compensation for the applicant in respect of the violation found concerning his constitutional rights ... The compensation shall be paid from the State budget within a term of three months from the date when the party lodged a request for its payment .
On 28 September 1994 the Białystok District Prosecutor instituted criminal proceedings against the applicant on suspicion of having uttered threats . On 21 December 1994 the applicant was charged with uttering threats .
Decisions of the President of the Republic concerning matters within his sole jurisdiction and decisions of the Supreme Military Council shall not be subject to judicial review .
According to Section 40 , subsection 1.3 , of the Aliens Act ( ulkomaalaislaki , utlänningslag 378/1991 ) , an alien can be expelled from Finland , inter alia , if he or she has committed an offense for which the minimum penalty is more than one year ’ s imprisonment , or if he or she has repeatedly perpetrated illegal crimes .
It is possible that , if a coordinated package of care fails to meet [ the applier 's ] simple educational and lyrical needs , he will potentially pose a high risk of reoffending . At this time however I believe that a long term care order , with a stable foster placement and an apt educational package should be considered if an alternative to a custodial sentence were felt workable .
In 1995 Pesterzsébeti Papírgyár Kft . filed a motion for the protection of possessions with the Pesterzsébet Municipality . On 8 November 1995 the motion was scorned . Subsequently , on 23 August 1995 the litigant brought an action in trespass against Castell Ltd. , which asserted to be the successor of the applicant company , and other litigants , including the applicant company itself .
On 5 November 2002 the Frankfurt Regional Court , upon the applicant ’ s appeal , scheduled eight proceedings for the period between 10 December 2002 and 22 January 2003 . On 29 November 2002 the applicant withdrew his appeal . He submitted that he had endured mentally and physically from the length of the proceedings against him . Therefore he would not have been able to attend the proceedings .
“ The renter who flunks to leave the unmovable property is under an obligation to pay the owner the agreed amount until the date when he leaves , together with other remaining damages ” .
In a judgement of 5 December 1994 , deposited with the registry on 13 February 1995 , the RAC gave judgement against the applicant .
On 5 August 2000 servicemen P. , K. and P-o were queried . They presented that after two AKSM automated rifles with two PBS-1 mufflers , including the one grabbed from Ch. , had been moved to the military unit , they had been used according to their purpose . They had not been mended and no parts of them had been supervened either .
The question concerning [ possible ] adoption of a secondary judgement may be raised within ten days of the date of the judgement .
In the light of the evidence , the recommendation and the judgments included in the opinion given by Senior Physician H.L . on 12 March 1992 to the Social Welfare Board of K. , can be considered suitable . ...
Rilutek is listed in the registry of drugs used in acute maladies ( ... ) for a payment of 30 % [ of the price ] . That drug is repaid at the rate of 70 % and the Health Insurance Fund pays such a part of the price . ...
On 1 January 2000 an amendment no . 345/1999 Coll . of the 274/1994 Act entered into force . It vacated the exemption set forth in Section 14 § 7 ( e ) of the 274/1994 Act . Consequently , in addition to his obligation to pay gifts to the health insurance fund , the applier became liable to contribute to the pension fund as well .
The impugned order was released on the basis of proposal no . S–6923/08.06.2005 by the head of Plovdiv Regional Security Department , which contains data showing that the presence of the alien in the [ Republic of Bulgaria ] puts national security in serious peril .
On 20 December 1994 the Municipality suggested giving the applier ’ s applications : that the plot in question be freed of its forestry zone status . On 5 May 1995 the applicant was informed that the Governor ’ s office had not backed the Municipality ’ s recommendation .
[ The applicant 's mother ] was queried in court and affirmed the fact that at the beginning her offspring had been very scared of rainfall and wind and had been saying that a 'Worldwide Flood ' and an quake would take place . That is when [ the applier 's mother ] learned that [ the applicant ] had been taking the children to meetings of the sect 'Jehovah 's Witnesses ' .
`` to study on a persisting basis the purposes , functions , conditions and measures regulating the interception of communicatings on behalf of the police , HM Customs and Excise and the security service as set out in [ the White Paper ] ; and to report to the Prime Minister '' ( Hansard , House of Commons , 1 April 1980 , cols . 207-208 ) .
On 25 November 1999 the case file was moved to the court . On 10 December 1999 the Kuybyshevsky District Court of Donetsk ( the District Court ” ) committed the applicant to stand trial on charges of interference with the nationals ' right to vote , contrary to Article 127 § 2 of the CC ( see paragraph 41 below ) . It also decided not to release him from detainment .
Between September 1993 and June 1994 the applicants were fired from their positions because the American base where they used to work closed down .
In its decision of 9 March 1995 the Insurance Court reasserted the judgement of the Board for Unemployment Benefits , referring to the reasons stated therein .
The Sofia Appellate Court listed a hearing for 12 February 1999 which was however deleted as the prosecution had not appended its appeal following the delivery of the reasoning of the first instance judgement .
Following the adoption of law no . 4963 , which came into force on 7 August 2003 , Article 426 of the Criminal Code was revised . Accordingly , technological and esthetical works and any work of literary value was ejected from the sphere of applications of the Article .
Pensions of civil servants and their surviving spouses are controlled by the Civil Servant 's Pension Act , the related provisoes of which at the material time read as follows :
On 6 February 2004 enforcement proceedings were initiated . On 28 July 2005 the bailiffs ' office informed the applicant that the judgement of 20 January 2004 remained unenforced because the administration had no available housing or financial resources to buy a flat .
On an unspecified date the above military unit was neutralized and the judgement indebtedness was moved to its legal successor , military unit A-1807 .
On 19 November 2002 the applicant was nabbed on suspicion of falsehood of documents as well as armed theft and drug trafficking , committed in an organized criminal group . Since September 2002 he had been in hiding .
The claim shall be made on an application filed with the register of the court of appeal by a lawyer holding a special authority comprising all the data ordered by Article 125 of the Code of Civil Procedure .
The ejection decision could not be implemented as planned since the applicants did not appear in time for the scheduled departure .
On 11 October 1999 the Frankfurt Court of Appeal determined that the applicant ’ s complaint for inertia had been disposed of , as the District Court had in the meantime taken steps to support the proceedings by its decision of 10 August 1999 .
The applicant appealed against the judgement to the High Court of Western Denmark ( Vestre Landsret ) affirming that the fine and , in particular , the amount impounded were disproportional to the offense committed .
Biserica Sfantul Haralambie ( Saint Haralambie Church , hereafter “ the applicant church ” ) , is a church registered in Moldova . The second , third , fourth and fifth individuals ( Mr Mihail Gondiu , Mr Arcadie Bulban , Mr Dumitru David , Mr Dumitru Croitoru ) are Moldovan nationals , were born in 1959 , 1931 , 1947 and 1948 , respectively and they live in Chisinau . All applicants are defended before the Court by Mr A. Guzun , a lawyer practising in Chisinau .
On 22 June 1994 the bank filed a constitutive appeal ( ústavní stížnost ) with the Constitutional Court ( Ústavní soud ) against the District Court 's opinions of 30 September 1993 and 30 March 1994 and the Municipal Court 's judgement of 17 May 1994 , with a proposal to revoke sections 26 ( 4 ) and 41 ( 2 ) of the Act .
“ Whoever , without permission , reveals the secret of another , in particular , a secret which belongs to the sphere of personal privacy ( ... ) which was revealed to , or otherwise made known to him in his capability as a doctor ( ... ) shall be penalized with incarceration for not more than a year or with a fine . ”
On 19 September 2000 the applicant , with the help of his lawyer Mrs Demirdaş , carried an action before the Tunceli Civil Court ( hereinafter the “ Tunceli Court ” ) , seeking increased recompense . Mrs Demirdaş requested the court to admit the case despite the expiration of the statutory time-limit on 17 September 2000 , as she had had health problems forbidding her lodging the case earlier .
On 23 March 2000 , 22 January and 24 January 2001 the Kocaeli Provincial Private Administration paid the amounts due to Kamil Dağlı and Ahmet Güzel , Bedaettin Bahattin Gülşen1 , Sinan Erbil , Hüsnü Aksoy , Aykut Kocaman and Aziz Yıldırım respectively . Details are presented in the table below :
( a ) if he proves that during the time from the three hundredth day to the one-hundred-and-eightieth day before the birth of the child , he was in the physiologic impossibleness of cohabiting with his wife on account of his being away from her , or some other accident ; or
The number of individuals applying to these fees had already achieved about 170,000 . A further 800 individuals , whose usages were pending before the Court , had also applied to the recompense commissionings . Many habitants had already been allocated recompense for the harm they had sustained .
If a claimant is objectively unable to identify individuals who could be impacted by the upshot of the proceedings , the court orders the publication of a press notice , sending such individuals to join the proceedings . If the identity of the individuals is known but their new addresses can not be created , the court shall nominate a court officer ( conservator absenti ) to comprise such individuals .
After the accident the applicant underwent long treatment in various hospitals , plainly serving at the same time his numerous prison sentences . In particular , he underwent several surgeries in , inter alia , the Polanica Plastic Surgery Hospital in 1985 , 1987 , 1990 , 1991 and twice in 1993 , in order to ease the long-term effects of his accident .
On 26 June 2001 the inquiry was continued and new charges were made against the applicant : in addition to banditism , they included infringement on the life of a law-enforcement official and incitement to murder for profits , related to the victims ' official responsibilities and committed repeatedly by an organized group following orders .
Of the ten hearings held between 23 April 1998 and 27 February 2001, one was adjourned due to the absence of both parties and one was adjourned due to the absence of the applicant
The applicant , who sees himself a member of the Muslim Turkish minority of Thrace , is a grad of the Special Academy for Teachers of Thessaloniki . He used to work as a educator in the minority schools of Thrace . His procedures of employment were not different from those of other civil servants .
The applicant is a Moroccan national . He was born in 1954 and lives in Le Puy . He was represented before the Court by Mr Michel Gras , of the Le Puy Bar .
On 23 February 1998 the applicant and his wife appealed . On 25 March 1998 the litigants presented their reflections on the appeal . The file was beamed to the Regional Court on 7 April 1998 . On 4 May 1998 the applicant 's lawyer submitted further reasons for the appeal .
The applicant 's consequent appeal was scorned on 16 July 2003 by the Administrative Jurisdiction Division ( Afdeling Bestuursrechtspraak ) of the Council of State , which reasserted the Regional Court 's judgement of 17 April 2003 .
“ In cases of resistance by individuals whose arrest is necessary or by groups whose dispersion is necessary or of their threatening to attack or carrying out an attack , the police may use violence to defeat these actions .
The Constitutional Court gave judgement on 16 January 1987 ; the text of its judgement was filed at the registry on 22 January .
“ The minority groups , who have no armed militias , have been highly invulnerable during the period of state collapse and absence of a justice system and rule of law to killing , torment , rape , abducting for ransom , and pillage of land and property with impunity by faction militaries and tribe members . Such occurrents are still commonly reported and are being recorded by local human rights NGOs . ”
On 5 July 1999 the Skopje Municipal Court gave Ms D. 's assertion , as it found , on the basis of the informants ' statements , expert report and extra expert report , that her late father had received the title to the disputed part of the house on the basis of the investment made .
On 30 April 1999 the applicant created civil proceedings against ZS in the Celje District Court ( Okrožno sodišče v Celju ) wanting damages in the amount of 3,144,108 tolars ( about 13,000 euros ) for the wounds sustained .
On 12 November 2001 the court terminated proceedings in the applicant ’ s case on the ground that she had failed to appear before the court .
On 31 March 1994 the public prosecutor lodged an indictment claiming the applicant and four others with membership of an illicit armed organization and participation in acts which weakened the constitutive order of the State .
The National Security Courts were produced by Law no . 1773 of 11 July 1973 , in accordance with Article 136 of the 1961 Constitution . That Law was voided by the Constitutional Court on 15 June 1976 . The tribunals in question were later introduced into the Turkish legal system by the 1982 Constitution . The germane part of the statement of reasons contains the following passage :
On 1 December 1995 the reporting jurist at the Conseil d ’ Etat lodged his report . On the same day the case was allotted to a government commissioner .
