the five cubicles, were shared by four units (nos. 2, 6, 7 and 9) which housed about 700 inmates in total.
the general rules of international law directly create rights and duties for the inhabitants of german territory.
on 2 november 2005 the court of appeal upheld the lower court’s judgment in full. with regard to the complaint about the length of the proceedings, the court, without giving any reasons, found that the tax proceedings could not be considered to have been of excessive duration.
on 7 , 2002 the chişinău regional court upheld repeating the reasoning of the first-instance court in rejecting the claim for compensation in respect of pecuniary and non-pecuniary damage.
on 5 and 26 june, 11 september and 16 october 1996 the county court rejected further requests from the applicant to have the measure lifted, without specifying reasons. on 18 december 1996 the county court rejected a similar request on the ground that the circumstances that had led to the taking of the measure had not changed.
the hozat police told the hozat government ahmet kaya's allegation hozat
between 27 september 2002 and 20 february 2003 the applicant asked the court seven times to extend the time-limits for the give his comments on v.’s expert report.
on 28 october 1997 the lębork district court joined the case seven other members of the cooperative.
under article 71 § 4, a person’s on remand for three years.
article who owner property
broad prophylactic prohibitions that fail to ‘respond precisely to the substantive problem which legitimately concerns’ the state cannot withstand intermediate scrutiny.” 104 s.ct.
based on the data the circumstances—the anonymous caller claimed to have eye-witness knowledge, the contemporaneous reporting of the activity, and the specificity of the description of the person holding the firearm, which the prpd matched to rivas-castro—the call was reliable.
ratification gillette, 979 neuroth v. mendocino cty., no.
state a claim relief granted, courts.”); deen-mitchell v. young, no.
the plaintiff was a member of a limited definable group; defendants’ conduct put plaintiff at substantial risk of serious, immediate, and harm; the risk was obvious or known; defendants acted recklessly in conscious disregard of that risk;
creditors as their agent, mittman engaged in extensive litigation with the judgment creditors over the right to receive about $841,000.00 due to the debtor from vonage.
first, the court must note of the elements a plaintiff must plead to state a claim.” the court should identify allegations that, “because they are no more than conclusions, are not entitled to the assumption of truth.” for relief.”
commander combs and team miller, the knock-and-announce (see
a reciprocal insurance exchange, is a web of relationships between subscribers who agree to insure one another, through a common agent with power of attorney.”
although martinez said he told the nurse about the beating he received during his medical screening did
this an attorney takes extra time because of inexperience, or if an attorney does tasks normally done by paralegals, non-attorneys.”
pots and pans without lids;
under section 5121, a decision of whether accrued benefits should be awarded “must be determined based on evidence that was either'physically or constructively in the [deceased claimant’s] file at the time of his death.” ralston v. west, 13 vet.app.
“insured” for because of “bodily injury” or “property damage” to insurance
prisoner “challenges the very fact or duration of his physical imprisonment, and the relief he seeks is a determination that he is entitled to immediate release or a speedier release from that imprisonment, his sole federal remedy is a writ of habeas corpus.”
plaintiffs’ actions have (1) required defendant to file three additional motions, (2) unnecessarily prolonged this case, (3) required defendant to incur expenses it should not have incurred, and (4) wasted the time of both defendant and the court.
during the interview, defendant said to chief koivunen that he had been using methamphetamine the previous week and made reference to “being up over a week.” defendant also said that he had been using methamphetamine on may 6 “all day.”
in the two years after mr. dodson’s death, mrs. carroll did not seek dependency and indemnity compensation (“dic”) benefits, which are available to the “surviving spouse” of a veteran whose death resulted from a service-related injury or disease.
while wendy's found that a jury demand was
gary barbee u.s.c.
the bankruptcy court granted summary judgment in favor of nbi, white against nbi, and on november 9, 2011, entered judgment in favor of nbi and against white in the amount of $378,486.17.
however, the doc admits that it is unfamiliar with the billing practices of most minnesota shops and reached this conclusion based minnesota’s auto-glass industry.
accordingly, to be entitled to equitable tolling, ms. cheeo must have due diligence between july 6, 2011 — the date of the board decision — and october 6, 2011 — the date on which the board decision to her at her new address.
over the course of almost one year, [the plaintiff] did receive[] $108,500.00, possibly from the $424,233.00 which is unaccounted for; however, it is unclear whether the $108,500.00 came from one of the trust enterprise accounts, defendant birch’s iolta account, or an unknown account.”
the district court found that the plaintiffs’ overtime claim was factually inadequate, said that, “[t]he abundance of allegations notwithstanding,” the plaintiffs “failed to allege a single specific instance in which a named plaintiff worked overtime and was not compensated for this time.” app.
he said that “abuse” means “the willful infliction of injury, unreasonable confinement, intimidation or punishment with resulting physical harm, pain or mental anguish.”
in the exhibit, plaintiffs provide factual allegations that macintyre was not paid for a total 76 hours of overtime between 2012 and 2014,
the government argues that mr. haddad did not have standing to sue for the patent, haddad transferred the patent to licensee astornet, mot.
the first circuit said that “retaliation claims are preserved so long as the retaliation is reasonably related to and grows out of the discrimination complained of to the agency.” clockedile v. n.h. dep’t of corr., 245 f.3d 1, 6 (1st cir.2001).
survive a motion to dismiss plaintiff “to state a claim to relief that is plausible on its face.” 550 u.s. at 570, 127 s.ct.
plaintiff
while several circuits have held that merely placing child pornography in a shared folder on a file sharing network warrants application of a distribution enhancement, the sentencing guidelines definition of “distribution” means
a is a legitimate goal
lastly, he said that on august 20, 2014, he learned the “forms never reach[ed] [the new] orleans[] [ro]” and “the counselor [] was upset that [he] continue® to call asking about these form[s] and want[ed] to know who [] [he] had been talking to,” and refused to filed a notice of appeal.
a jury is not required to accept an expert’s opinion, and defendants’ experts give different opinions, but a jury could reasonably find, on the basis of plaintiffs’ experts’ opinions, that it is more likely than not that one of defendants’ pifs was contaminated and caused e.b.’s illness,
for past performance, the solicitation told offerors that “[t]he government will conduct a performance confidence assessment based upon the past performance of major or critical aspects of the requirement as relates to the probability of successfully performing the solicitation requirements.”
federal court the
a decision is considered “final and ... appealable where it 1) resolves and seriously affects substantive rights and 2) finally determines the discrete issue to which it is addressed.” dye v. brown (in re afi holding, inc.), 530 f.3d 832, 836 237 f.3d 967, 985 (9th cir.2001)).
when admitted into the minnesota department of corrections (“mdoc”) lower-security
failure to process would pose an “imminent threat to the life or physical safety of an individual”; information” inform the public federal government ■ activity.”
