The toilet facilities, which had five cubicles, were shared by four units. There were about 700 people living in the units.
Article 25 of the Basic Law says that the general rules of international law are an integral part of federal law, and that they take precedence over the laws of the state, and directly create rights and duties.
On 2 November 2005 the Court of Appeal upheld the lower court's judgment in full. The court, without giving any reasons, found that the tax proceedings could not be considered to have been of excessive duration with regard to the length of time.
On 7 May 2002, the Chişinău Regional Court said that the first-instance court had been wrong. The court said that the claim for compensation was not based on pecuniary and non-pecuniary damage.
On 5 and 26 June, 11 September and 16 October 1996 the County Court rejected further requests from the applicant. On 18 December 1996 the County Court rejected a similar request on the ground that the circumstances that had led to the taking of the measure had not changed.
The Hozat public prosecutor was informed on 14 April 1993 by the Hozat police that Ahmet Kaya's allegation had been investigated. The investigation revealed that no Hozat police officer had said that Can and Kaya had been held at Tunceli Security Directorate.
Between 27 September 2002 and 20 February 2003, the applicant asked the court seven times to extend the time for the expert report to be presented to the court.
On 28 October 1997 the Lębork District Court joined the case. Seven other members of the cooperative were also put in court at the same time.
Under Article 71 § 4, a person's detention on remand shall not exceed three years. The maximum period of detention on remand, within the meaning of Article 41 § 2 of the Criminal Code, is four years.
According to Article 187, a citizen or a legal person shall obtain ownership in respect of that property (adverse possession) for a period of ten years, if he has manifestly and continuously possessed it as his own property for a period of ten years.
Broad prophylactic prohibitions cannot withstand intermediate scrutiny because they do not respond precisely to the substantive problem which legitimately concerns the State. 838 F.3d at 73 (quoting Members of City Council of City of L.A. v. Taxpayers for Vincent).
Based on the totality of the circumstances, the contemporaneous reporting of the activity, the anonymous caller claiming to have eye-witness knowledge, and the description of the person holding the firearm, the call was reliable.
(explaining that ratification requires "knowledge of the alleged constitutional violation"); Gillette, 979 F.2d at 1342 (if there is) evidence of a conscious, affirmative choice. A single decision by a municipal policymaker may be sufficient to trigger section 1983 liability under Monell.
(Deen-Mitchell v. Young, No. 27, 2010) (“Mitchell has, on three or more prior occasions, brought an action or appeal in which claims were dismissed on the grounds that they were frivolous or failed to state a claim upon which relief may be granted, and he has been informed of his three-strike status by numerous courts.
the charged state entity and the charged individual actors created the danger or increased plaintiffs vulnerability to the danger in some way; (2) plaintiff was a member of a limited and specially definable group; (3) the risk was obvious or known; (4) the risk was obvious or known; (5) defendants acted recklessly in conscious disregard of that risk; and (6) such conduct, when viewed in total, is conscious shocking.
For ease of reference, these other creditors shall be referred to collectively as the “Lender Group. As their agent, Mittman engaged in extensive litigation over the right to receive approximately $841,000.00 from the Debtor of Vonage.
First, the court must “tak[e] note of the elements a plaintiff must plead to state a claim. The court should then determine whether they plausibly give rise to an entitlement for relief.” Second, the court should identify allegations that, "because they are no more than conclusions, are not entitled to the assumption of truth.
So, too, a reasonable jury could find that this constitutional violation is attributable to ASORT through the actions of Commander Combs and Team Leader Miller, who had unfettered discretion to determine the manner in which the knock-and-announce would be performed (see Doc.Wright, 138 F.Supp.2d at 957-58), or through the later ratification of ASORT by the U.S. government.
In its pure form, a reciprocal insurance exchange "is a web of contractual relationships between subscribers who agree to insure one another, consummated through a common agent with power of attorney. For purposes of diversity jurisdiction, USAA is either an unincorporated association or a corporation.
Although Martinez testified he told the nurse about the beating he claims to have received during his medical screening the day after he arrived at the Federal Detention Center, Pascale said she did not see any injuries and that she is 100 percent sure both that Martinez did not tell her he had been injured and that she did not see any injuries.
This Court "may consider a number of factors, including whether the work performed was duplicative, if an attorney performs tasks normally performed by paralegals, if an attorney takes extra time due to inexperience, or if other non-attorneys perform the work.
The purpose of pots and pans is to contain and cook, and they can serve those functions with or without lids. The purpose of pots and pans is to be used for cooking, and they can serve those functions with or without lids. The purpose of pots and pans is to be used for cooking, and they can serve that purpose with or without lids.
Moreover, under section 5121, a determination of whether accrued benefits should be awarded "must be determined based on evidence that was either'physically or constructively in the [deceased person's] file at the time of his or her death'. "
We will pay all sums that a legally covered person must pay as damages because of "bodily injury" or "property damage" to which this insurance applies, resulting from an "accident" or "garage operation" involving the use or ownership of covered "autos."
Where a prisoner "challenges the very fact or duration of his physical imprisonment, and the relief he seeks is a determination that he is entitled to immediate release or a speedier release from that imprisonment, his sole federal remedy is a writ of habeas corpus. "Preiser v. Rodriguez, 411 U.S. 475, 500, 93 S.Ct.
Plaintiffs' actions have (1) unnecessarily prolonged this case, (2) required defendant to file three additional motions, (3) required defendant to incur expenses it should not have incurred, and (4) wasted the time of both defendant and the Court.
During the interview, Defendant told Chief Koivunen that he had been using methamphetamine the previous week and that he had been up over a week. Defendant also said that he had been using methamphetamine on May 6 and that he had been “all day.
In the two years after Mr. Dodson's death, Mrs. Carroll did not seek Dependency and Indemnity Compensation (DIC) benefits. DIC benefits are available to the "surviving spouse" of a veteran who died because of a service-related injury or disease.
While Wendy's found that a jury demand was allowed under Rule 38(d), the court said that the jury demand was allowed because it was a contract. The court said that the jury demand was allowed because it was "proper" under Rule 38(d).
The debtor, Gary D. Barbee, instituted an adversary proceeding against U.S. Bank National Association, by and through its mortgage servicing agent BAC Home Loan Servicing, as trustee for the Truman FHA Trust 2008-1, seeking to avoid the Bank's interest in his manufactured home pursuant to 11 U.S.C.
The bankruptcy court granted summary judgment in favor of NBI, and on November 9, 2011, the court entered judgment in favor of NBI and against White in the amount of $378,486.17, holding that White was estopped from re-litigating whether he committed fraud.
However, the DOC admits that it does not know the billing practices of most Minnesota shops. They came to this decision based on what they were told by Reid, Rosar, Schmultz, and a few other people who work in Minnesota's auto-glass industry.
Accordingly, Ms. Cheeo must have exercised due diligence between July 6, 2011 and October 6, 2011, the date on which the Board decision was resent to her at her new address, to be entitled to equitable tolling.
Over the course of almost one year, [the Plaintiff] did receive[] $108,500.00; however, it is unclear whether the $108,500.00 came from one of the Trust Enterprise accounts, Defendant Birch's IOLTA account, or an unknown account. The $424,233.00 is unaccounted for.
The District Court found that the plaintiffs' overtime claim was factually inadequate, on the ground that the plaintiffs did not allege a single specific instance in which a named plaintiff worked overtime and was not compensated for this time, despite an abundance of allegations.
After reviewing Ohio and federal law, he found that the term "abuse" is defined as "the willful infliction of injury, pain or mental anguish, or the unreasonable confinement or punishment with resulting physical harm.
In the exhibit, the plaintiffs claim that MacIntyre was not paid for a total of 76 hours of overtime between 2012 and 2014, and that Sullivan was not paid for 48 hours of overtime in 2013 and 2014.
The Government argues that Mr. Haddad does not have standing to sue for the ’844 patent, because Astornet, the sole exclusive licensee, transferred all substantial rights in the patent to him.
The First Circuit has held that retaliation claims are preserved so long as the discrimination complained of to the agency is reasonably related to and grows out of the retaliation. Clockedile v. N.H. Dep’t of Corr., 245 F.3d 1, 6 (1st Cir.2001).
In order to survive a motion to dismiss, a plaintiff must be able to show that the motion to dismiss is based on fact. Twombly, 550 U.S. at 570, 127 S.Ct. The plaintiff must show that the motion to dismiss is based on fact.
The plaintiff must prove that: (1) he was a member of a protected class; (2) he was subjected to unwelcome sexual harassment; (3) the harassment was based on sex; (4) the harassment created a hostile work environment; and (5) the employer is vicariously liable.
While several circuits have held that simply putting child pornography in a shared folder on a file sharing network warrants application of a distribution enhancement, no circuit has found that the meaning of the term "distribution" in § 2252(a)(2) applies to the sharing of child pornography.
According to the court, if a restriction or condition is not "reasonably related to a legitimate goal" (i.e. if it is arbitrary or purposeless), then it is possible for the court to think that the purpose of the law is to "punish detainees qua detainees."
He also claims that on August 20, 2014, he learned that the New] Orleans [RO] never reached out to him and that the counselor was upset that he continued to call and ask about these form[s] and that he wanted to know who he had been talking to.
A jury does not need to accept the opinion of an expert, and the experts of the defendants offer different opinions, but a jury could reasonably find, based on the opinions of the experts of the plaintiffs, that one of the PIFs was contaminated and caused E.B.'s illness.
For past performance, the solicitation informed offerors that “[t]he Government will conduct a performance confidence assessment as it relates to the probability of successfully performing the solicitation requirements based on the past performance of major or critical aspects.
A federal court has personal jurisdiction over a non-resident defendant if (1) the applicable state long-arm statute gives it the right to do so, and (2) the right to do so is protected by the United States Constitution. Nichols v. Searle & Co., 991 F.2d 1195, 1199 (4th Cir.1993).
A decision is considered "final and ... appealable" if it "determines the discrete issue to which it is addressed" (Dye v. Brown), 237 F.3d 967, 985 (9th Cir.2008) (quoting Schulman v. California (In re Lazar), 237 F.3d 967, 985 (9th Cir.2001)).
Once admitted into the Minnesota Department of Corrections (MDOC) system, Brooks received a chemical-dependency assessment, as all new inmates are required to have under Minnesota law, and was ordered to complete treatment. After completing the treatment, Brooks was allowed to go back to his old cell.
Such a need is established if either: (1) the requester is "primarily engaged in disseminating information" and shows an "urgency to inform the public concerning actual or alleged Federal Government ■ activity"; or (2) the requester would pose an "imminent threat to the life or physical safety of an individual."
