The lavatory services , consisting of five rooms , were shared by four units ( nos . 2 , 6 , 7 and 9 ) which accommodated about 700 prisoners in total .
Pursuant to Article 25 of the Basic Law , the general rules of worldwide law form an intrinsic part of Federal law . They take precedence over statute law and directly create rights and obligations for the habitants of German territory .
On 2 November 2005 the Court of Appeal supported the lower court ’ s judgement in full . With respect to the complaint about the length of the proceedings , the court , without giving any reasons , found that the tax proceedings could not be considered to have been of undue duration .
On 7 May 2002 the Chişinău Regional Court confirmed the judgement of 4 March 2002 , echoing the reasoning of the first-instance court in spurning the claim for recompense in respect of pecuniary and non-pecuniary damage .
On 5 and 26 June , 11 September and 16 October 1996 the County Court scorned further requests from the applicant to have the measure removed , without specifying reasons . On 18 December 1996 the County Court scorned a similar request on the ground that the conditions that had led to the taking of the measure had not changed .
A report dated 14 April 1993 by the Hozat police informed the Hozat public lawyer that Ahmet Kaya 's claim had been probed . The inquiry discovered that no Hozat police officer had made a statement asserting that Can and Kaya had been held at Tunceli Security Directorate .
Between 27 September 2002 and 20 February 2003 the applicant requested the court seven times to prolong the time-limits for the submission of his statements on V. ’ s expert report .
On 28 October 1997 the Lębork District Court joined the applicant ’ s case with similar proceedings against seven other members of the cooperative .
Under Article 71 § 4 , a person ’ s detainment on remand shall not surpass three years . In cases of especially serious crimes , within the meaning of Article 41 § 2 of the Criminal Code , the maximum period of detainment on remand is four years .
According to Article 187 , a citizen or a lawful person , who is not the owner of an immobile property but has bona fide , plainly and endlessly had it as his own property for a period of ten years , shall receive ownership in deference of that property ( adverse possession ) .
Broad preventative prohibitions that fail to ‘ respond exactly to the substantive problem which licitly worries ’ the State can not withstand intermediate scrutiny. ” 838 F.3d at 73 ( citing Members of City Council of City of L.A. v. Taxpayers for Vincent , 466 U.S. 789 , 810 , 104 S.Ct .
Based on the generality of the circumstances—the unnamed caller asserting to have eye-witness knowledge , the contemporaneous reportage of the activity , and the specialness of the description of the person holding the gun , which the PRPD equaled to Rivas-Castro—the call was trustworthy .
( stating that ratification requires “ knowledge of the alleged constitutional infraction ” ) ; Gillette , 979 F.2d at 1342 ( “ [ A ] single judgment by a municipal policymaker may be adequate to spark section 1983 liability under Monell ... [ if there is ] evidence of a conscious , affirmative choice. ” ) ; Neuroth v. Mendocino Cty. , No .
27 , 2010 ) ( “ Mitchell has , on three or more preceding occasions , brought an action or appeal in which assertions were fired on the grounds that they were silly or failed to state a assertion upon which relief may be awarded , and he has been informed of his three-strike status by numerous courts. ” ) ; Deen-Mitchell v. Young , No .
the charged state entity and the charged individual actors created the danger or increased litigants weakness to the risk in some way ; ( 2 ) litigant was a member of a limited and peculiarly definable group ; ( 3 ) litigants ’ conduct put litigant at real risk of serious , direct , and ultimate damage ; ( 4 ) the risk was evident or known ; ( 5 ) litigants acted recklessly in cognizant neglect of that risk ; and ( 6 ) such behavior , when viewed in total , is conscious shameful .
For ease of reference , these other creditors shall be referred to jointly as the “ Lender Group. ” As their agent , Mittman engaged in broad litigation with the Judgment Creditors over the right to receive approximately $ 841,000.00 due to the Debtor from Vonage .
First , the court must “ tak [ e ] note of the components a litigant must plead to state a claim. ” Second , the court should identify claims that , “ because they are no more than judgments , are not titled to the presumption of truth. ” Finally , “ where there are well-pleaded factual claims , a court should expect their veracity and then decide whether they credibly give rise to an entitlement for relief . ”
So , too , a sane jury could find that this constitutional offence is traceable to ASORT through resultant ratification , as showed below with regard to the municipal litigants , see Wright , 138 F.Supp.2d at 957-58 , or through the actions of Commander Combs and Team Leader Miller , who had unbound discretion to decide the manner in which the knock-and-announce would be performed ( see Doc .
A reciprocal insurance exchange , “ in its pristine form ... is a web of contractual relations between readers who agree to protect one another , accomplished through a common agent with power of attorney. ” The overriding question is whether USAA is decently treated as a corporation or an unincorporated association for purposes of diverseness jurisdiction .
Although Martinez testified he told the nursemaid about the thrashing he avows to have received during his medical testing the day after he arrived at the Federal Detention Center , based on her review of Martinez 's Health Screen form and her independent recollection of Martinez , Pascale attested she is 100 percent sure both that Martinez did not tell her he had been hurt and that she did not see any wounds .
This Court “ may consider a number of factors , including whether the work accomplished was duplicative , if an lawyer takes extra time due to inexperience , or if an lawyer executes projects normally accomplished by legals , clerical personnels , or other non-attorneys. ” Ussery , 10 Vet.App .
Obviously , and to the extent further discourse of important character is even necessary here : the essence of pots and pans is to contain and cook , and they can serve those routines with or without lids ; and while headgears may complete or raise that purpose , they are just secondary thereto and serve no purpose otherwise without the pots/pans to which they are planned to be fitted or combined .
Moreover , under section 5121 , a judgment of whether accrued payments should be presented “ must be decided based on information that was either'physically or constructively in the [ departed applicant ’ s ] file at the time of his death. ” Ralston v. West , 13 Vet.App .
We will pay all amounts an “ insured ” lawfully must pay as damages because of “ bodily injury ” or “ property harm ” to which this insurance pertains , caused by an “ accident ” and resulting from “ garage activities ” concerning the ownership , upkeep or use of covered “ autos ” .
Where , as here , a prisoner “ contests the very fact or length of his corporeal internment , and the succor he wants is a determination that he is titled to immediate release or a speedier release from that incarceration , his only federal cure is a writ of habeas corpus. ” Preiser v. Rodriguez , 411 U.S. 475 , 500 , 93 S.Ct .
Plaintiffs ’ actions have ( 1 ) required litigant to file three extra motions , ( 2 ) unnecessarily continued this case , ( 3 ) required litigant to receive costs it should not have incurred , and ( 4 ) spent the time of both litigant and the Court .
During the interview , Defendant noted to Chief Koivunen that he had been using meth the preceding week and made reference to “ being up over a week. ” Defendant also stated that he had been using meth on May 6 “ all day. ” ( Gov ’ t Ex .
In the two years following Mr. Dodson ’ s death , Mrs. Carroll did not seek Dependency and Indemnity Compensation ( “ DIC ” ) benefits , which are available to the “ surviving spouse ” of a veteran whose death resulted from a service-related injury or disease .
While Wendy 's found that a jury demand represented a waiver of a contractual jury waiver , the opinion contains basically no reasoning and does not explicitly address the question of whether the jury demand in that case was `` proper ” under Rule 38 ( d ) .
The chapter 13 debtor , Gary D. Barbee ( “ Debtor ” ) , created an opposer proceeding against U.S. Bank National Association as regent for the Truman FHA Trust 2008-1 , by and through its mortgage delivery agent BAC Home Loan Servicing ( “ Bank ” ) seeking to avoid the Bank ’ s interest in his manufactured home pursuant to 11 U.S.C .
The bankruptcy court gave summary decision in favour of NBI , holding that White was estopped from re-litigating whether he perpetrated chicanery against NBI , and on November 9 , 2011 , entered judgement in favour of NBI and against White in the amount of $ 378,486.17 .
However , the DOC accepts that it is familiar with the billing practices of most Minnesota shops and reached this supposition mainly based on statements from Reid , Rosar , Schmultz , and a few others affiliated with Minnesota ’ s auto-glass industry .
Accordingly , to be entitled to inequitable tolling , Ms. Cheeo must have exerted due diligence between July 6 , 2011 — the date of the Board judgement — and October 6 , 2011 — the date on which the Board decision was resent to her at her new address .
Over the course of almost one year , [ the Plaintiff ] did receive [ ] $ 108,500.00 , possibly from the $ 424,233.00 which is unaccounted for ; however , it is unclear whether the $ 108,500.00 came from one of the Trust Enterprise accounts , Defendant Birch ’ s IOLTA account , or an unbeknown account . ”
The District Court found that the litigants ’ overtime claim was factually deficient , on the ground that , “ [ t ] he abundance of claims notwithstanding , ” the litigants “ failed to assert a single limited instance in which a named Plaintiff worked overtime and was not compensated for this time. ” App .
After analyzing the pertinent Ohio and national statutes , he found that “ misuse ” is delineated as “ the wilful imposition of injury , undue confinement , bullying or punishment with ensuing sensual damage , pain or psychic torment . ”
In the exhibit , Plaintiffs provide factual claims that MacIntyre was not paid for a total .of 76 hours of overtime between 2012 and 2014 , and Sullivan was not paid overtime-for a total of 48 hours in 2013 and 2014 .
The Government contends that Mr. Haddad does not have standing to sue for the ’ 844 patent , because Mr. Haddad moved all strong rights in the ’ 844 patent to sole exclusive licencee Astornet , Gov ’ t Mot .
The First Circuit has held that “ revenge assertions are upheld so long as the retaliation is fairly related to and grows out of the discrimination complained of to the agency. ” Clockedile v. N.H. Dep ’ t of Corr. , 245 F.3d 1 , 6 ( 1st Cir.2001 ) .
In order to endure a motion to dismiss pursuant to Rule 12 ( b ) ( 6 ) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure , a litigant must plead enough factual claims “ to state a claim to relief that is credible on its face. ” Twombly , 550 U.S. at 570 , 127 S.Ct .
To prevail on such a assertion , the litigant must affirm that : ( 1 ) he is a member of a protected class ; ( 2 ) was subjected to unwanted unisexual torment ; ( 3 ) the vexation was based on sex ; ( 4 ) the vexation created a unfriendly work environment ; and that ( 5 ) the employer is vicariously liable .
While several circuits have held that just placing child smut in a shared booklet on a file sharing network warrants applications of a distribution improvement , no circuit has relied on the Sentencing Guidelines definition of “ distribution ” to understand the meaning of the term in § 2252 ( a ) ( 2 ) .
Therefore , “ if a restraint or condition is not fairly related to a lawful goal — if it is impulsive or aimless a court allowably may deduce that the goal of the governmental action is punishment that may not constitutionally be imposed upon prisoners qua prisoners . ”
Lastly , he says that on August 20 , 2014 , he learned the “ forms never reach [ ed ] [ the New ] Orleans [ ] [ RO ] ” and “ the counsellor [ ] was upset that [ he ] continue® to call asking about these form [ s ] and want [ ed ] to know who [ ] [ he ] had been talking to , ” and declined to filed a notice of appeal .
A jury is not required to receive an expert ’ s opinion , and litigants ’ experts present different views , but a jury could fairly find , on the basis of litigants ’ experts ’ views , that it is more likely than not that one of litigants ’ PIFs was polluted and caused E.B. ’ s illness ,
For past performance , the solicitation informed helpers that “ [ t ] he Government will perform a presentment sureness appraisal based upon the past presentment of major or important facets of the requirement as it refers to the probability of successfully doing the solicitation prerequisites . ”
When a federal court sits in diverseness , it “ has personal jurisdiction over a non-resident litigant if ( 1 ) an relevant state long-arm statute confers jurisdiction and ( 2 ) the affirmation of that jurisdiction is self-consistent with constitutive due process. ” Nichols v. G.D. Searle & Co. , 991 F.2d 1195 , 1199 ( 4th Cir.1993 ) .
A decision is considered “ final and ... appealable where it 1 ) resolves and seriously affects essential rights and 2 ) finally decides the separate topic to which it is addressed. ” Dye v. Brown ( In re AFI Holding , Inc. ) , 530 F.3d 832 , 836 ( 9th Cir.2008 ) ( citing Schulman v. California ( In re Lazar ) , 237 F.3d 967 , 985 ( 9th Cir.2001 ) ) .
Once acknowledged into the Minnesota Department of Corrections ( “ MDOC ” ) system , Brooks received a chemical-dependency appraisal , as all new prisoners are required to have under Minnesota law , and was ordered to complete treatment in order to be moved to a lower-security prison , qualify for work release , and avoid disciplinary sanctions .
Such a need is initiated if either : ( 1 ) failure to receive accelerated processing would present an “ impendent danger to the life or natural safety of an individual ” ; or ( 2 ) the applier is “ mainly engrossed in spreading information ” and shows an “ importunity to inform the public concerning actual or asserted Federal Government ■ activity. ” 5 U.S.C .

