The toilet facilities , one of five rooms , were shared by four units ( blocks . 2 , 6 , 7 and 9 ) which held about 700 inmates in total .
Pursuant to Article 25 of the Basic Law , the general rules of international law form an important part of international law . They take priority over statute law and directly create rights and duties for the citizens of German territory .
On 2 November 2005 the Court of Appeal confirmed the lower court ’ s decision in full . With regard to the complaint about the length of the trial , the court , without giving any reasons , found that the tax case could not be considered to have been of excessive duration .
On 7 May 2002 the Chişinău Regional Court confirmed the verdict of 4 March 2002 , repeating the reasoning of the first-instance court in holding the claim for damages in respect of criminal and non-pecuniary damage .
On 5 and 26 June , 11 September and 16 October 1996 the County Court rejected further requests from the council to have the measure lifted , without any reasons . On 18 December 1996 the County Court rejected a similar request on the ground that the circumstances that had led to the taking of the measure had not changed .
A report dated 14 April 1993 by the Hozat police informed the Hozat public prosecutor that Ahmet Kaya 's case had been investigated . The investigation revealed that no Hozat police officer had made a statement and that Can and Kaya had been held at Tunceli Security Directorate .
Between 27 September 2002 and 20 February 2003 the lawyer requested the court seven times to extend the time-limits for the publication of his comments on V. ’ s expert report .
On 28 October 1997 the Lębork District Court joined the company ’ s case with similar cases against seven other members of the cooperative .
Under Article 71 § 4 , a person ’ s detention on land shall not exceed three years . In cases of particularly serious crime , within the meaning of Article 41 § 2 of the Criminal Code , the maximum period of detention on appeal is four years .
According to Article 187 , a citizen or a legal person , who is not the owner of an ordinary property but has et grace , held and repeatedly possessed it as his own property for a period of ten years , shall obtain ownership in respect of that property ( or possession ) .
Broad constitutional prohibitions that fail to ‘ respond precisely to the real problem which has concerns ’ the State can not withstand intermediate scrutiny. ” 838 F.3d at 73 ( quoting Members of City Council of City of L.A. v. Taxpayers for Vincent , 466 U.S. 789 , 810 , 104 S.Ct .
Based on the facts of the circumstances—the anonymous caller claiming to have eye-witness knowledge , the contemporaneous reporting of the activity , and the accuracy of the description of the person holding the firearm , which the PRPD matched to Rivas-Castro—the call was reliable .
( explaining that it requires “ knowledge of the actual policy violation ” ) ; Gillette , 979 F.2d at 1342 ( “ [ A ] single decision by a municipal policymaker may be sufficient to trigger section 1983 and under Monell ... [ if there is ] evidence of a conscious , affirmative choice. ” ) ; Neuroth v. Mendocino Cty. , No .
27 , 2010 ) ( “ Mitchell has , on three or more prior occasions , brought an action or appeal in which claims were dismissed on the grounds that they were failed or failed to state a claim upon which relief may be granted , and he has been informed of his three-strike status by numerous courts. ” ) ; Deen-Mitchell v. Young , No .
the charged state entity and the charged individual actors created the danger or increased the exposure to the danger in some way ; ( 2 ) defendant was a member of a limited and specially definable group ; ( 3 ) the ’ conduct put defendant at the risk of serious , immediate , and permanent harm ; ( 4 ) the risk was obvious or known ; ( 5 ) plaintiff acted only in conscious disregard of that risk ; and ( 6 ) such conduct , when taken in total , is conscious shocking .
For ease of reference , these other groups shall be referred to together as the “ Lender Group. ” As their agent , Mittman engaged in extensive negotiations with the Judgment Creditors over the right to receive approximately $ 841,000.00 due to the Debtor from Vonage .
First , the court must “ tak [ e ] note of the elements a person must take to state a claim. ” Second , the court should identify allegations that , “ because they are no more than conclusions , are not entitled to the assumption of truth. ” Finally , “ where there are well-pleaded truth allegations , a court should assume their truth and then determine whether they plausibly give rise to an argument for relief . ”
So , too , a reasonable jury could find that this particular violation is due to ASORT through its actions , as indicated below with respect to the municipal government , see Wright , 138 F.Supp.2d at 957-58 , or through the actions of Commander Combs and Team Leader Miller , who had full discretion to determine the manner in which the knock-and-announce would be performed ( see Doc .
A mutual insurance exchange , “ in its pure form ... is a web of personal relationships between people who agree to help one another , either through a common agent with power of attorney. ” The main question is whether USAA is properly treated as a corporation or an unincorporated association for reasons of its protection .
Although Martinez testified he told the nurse about the beating he claims to have received during his medical screening the day after he arrived at the Federal Detention Center , based on her review of Martinez 's Health Screen form and her independent recollection of Martinez , Pascale testified she is 100 percent sure both that Martinez did not tell her he had been injured and that she did not see any injuries .
This Court “ may consider a number of factors , including whether the work performed was duplicative , if an attorney takes extra time due to age , or if an attorney handles tasks normally performed by clerks , administrative personnel , or other non-attorneys. ” Ussery , 10 Vet.App .
Obviously , and to the extent further discussion of essential character is even necessary here : the essence of pots and pans is to contain and cook , and they can serve those functions with or without them ; and while they may complete or enhance that purpose , they are merely limited to and serve no purpose otherwise without the pots/pans to which they are intended to be fitted or combined .
Moreover , under section 5121 , a decision of whether such benefits should be awarded “ must be determined based on evidence that was either'physically or mentally in the [ deceased claimant ’ s ] file at the time of his death. ” Ralston v. West , 13 Vet.App .
Moreover , under section 5121 , a decision of whether such benefits should be awarded “ must be determined based on evidence that was either'physically or mentally in the [ deceased claimant ’ s ] file at the time of his death. ” Ralston v. West , 13 Vet.App .
Where , as here , a prisoner “ challenges the very fact or duration of his physical imprisonment , and the relief he seeks is a declaration that he is entitled to immediate release or a speedier release from that imprisonment , his sole legal defense is a sentence of federal corpus. ” Preiser v. Rodriguez , 411 U.S. 475 , 500 , 93 S.Ct .
Plaintiffs ’ actions have ( 1 ) required defendant to file three additional motions , ( 2 ) severely lose this case , ( 3 ) required defendant to pay expenses it should not have caused , and ( 4 ) wasted the time of both defendant and the Court .
During the interview , Defendant said to Chief Koivunen that he had been using it the previous week and made reference to “ being up over a week. ” Defendant also stated that he had been using cocaine on May 6 “ all day. ” ( Gov ’ t Ex .
In the two years following Mr. Dodson ’ s death , Mrs. Carroll did not seek Dependency and Indemnity Compensation ( “ DIC ” ) benefits , which are available to the “ surviving spouse ” of a veteran whose death occurred from a service-related injury or disease .
While Wendy 's found that a jury demand was a violation of a previous jury duty , the opinion contains essentially no reasoning and does not directly address the question of whether the jury demand in that case was `` proper ” under Rule 38 ( d ) .
The chapter 13 defendant , Gary D. Barbee ( “ Debtor ” ) , in an adversary suit against U.S. Bank National Association as counsel for the Truman FHA Trust 2008-1 , by and through its loan program agent BAC Home Loan Servicing ( “ Bank ” ) seeking to avoid the Bank ’ s interest in his manufactured home according to 11 U.S.C .
The district court granted summary decision in favor of NBI , holding that White was barred from re-litigating whether he committed crimes against NBI , and on November 9 , 2011 , entered action in favor of NBI and against White in the amount of $ 378,486.17 .
However , the DOC admits that it is unfamiliar with the billing practices of most Minnesota shops and reached this conclusion primarily based on evidence from Reid , Rosar , Schmultz , and a few others involved with Minnesota ’ s auto-glass industry .
Accordingly , to be entitled to free treatment , Ms. Cheeo must have done due care between July 6 , 2011 — the date of the Board decision — and October 6 , 2011 — the date on which the Board decision was resent to her at her new address .
Over the course of almost one year , [ the Plaintiff ] did receive [ ] $ 108,500.00 , possibly from the $ 424,233.00 which is paid for ; however , it is unclear whether the $ 108,500.00 came from one of the Trust Enterprise funds , Defendant Birch ’ s IOLTA account , or an unknown account . ”
The District Court found that the paid ’ overtime claim was clearly inadequate , on the ground that , “ [ t ] he number of allegations exists , ” the court “ failed to mention a single specific instance in which a named Plaintiff worked overtime and was not paid for this time. ” App .
After reviewing the relevant Ohio and indiana laws , he found that “ abuse ” is described as “ the intentional cause of injury , unreasonable behavior , crime or punishment with resulting physical harm , pain or mental anguish . ”
In the exhibit , Plaintiffs provide the allegations that MacIntyre was not paid for a total .of 76 hours of overtime between 2012 and 2014 , and Sullivan was not paid overtime-for a total of 48 hours in 2013 and 2014 .
The Government claims that Mr. Haddad does not have standing to sue for the ’ 844 license , because Mr. Haddad transferred all the rights in the ’ 844 trademark to sole exclusive agent Astornet , Gov ’ t Mot .
The First Circuit has held that “ discrimination claims are preserved so long as the action is reasonably related to and grows out of the claims complained of to the agency. ” Clockedile v. N.H. Dep ’ t of Corr. , 245 F.3d 1 , 6 ( 1st Cir.2001 ) .
In order to survive a motion to dismiss according to Rule 12 ( b ) ( 6 ) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure , a defendant must make sufficient false allegations “ to state a claim to relief that is plausible on its face. ” Twombly , 550 U.S. at 570 , 127 S.Ct .
To prevail on such a claim , the court must establish that : ( 1 ) he is a member of a protected class ; ( 2 ) was subjected to serious sexual harassment ; ( 3 ) the harassment was based on sex ; ( 4 ) the harassment created a hostile work environment ; and that ( 5 ) the employer is not liable .
While several circuits have held that merely placing child pornography in a shared folder on a file sharing network warrants application of a distribution policy , no circuit has acted on the Sentencing Guidelines definition of “ distribution ” to interpret the meaning of the term in § 2252 ( a ) ( 2 ) .
Therefore , “ if a condition or condition is not reasonably related to a legitimate goal — if it is illegal or otherwise a court permissibly may find that the purpose of the particular action is punishment that may not otherwise be inflicted upon ya and fit . ”
Lastly , he said that on August 20 , 2014 , he learned the “ forms never reach [ ed ] [ the New ] Orleans [ ] [ RO ] ” and “ the counselor [ ] was upset that [ he ] continue® to call asking about these form [ s ] and want [ ed ] to know who [ ] [ he ] had been talking to , ” and refused to issue a letter of appeal .
A jury is not required to accept an expert ’ s opinion , and the ’ experts present different opinions , but a jury could reasonably find , on the basis of the ’ experts ’ opinions , that it is more likely than not that one of the ’ PIFs was contaminated and caused E.B. ’ s illness ,
For past performance , the government informed offerors that “ [ t ] he Government will conduct a performance confidence assessment based upon the past performance of major or critical aspects of the program as it applies to the probability of successfully performing the performance test . ”
When a state court sits in state , it “ has personal authority over a non-resident defendant if ( 1 ) an ohio state long-arm statute has authority and ( 2 ) the exercise of that authority is consistent with federal due process. ” Nichols v. G.D. Searle & Co. , 991 F.2d 1195 , 1199 ( 4th Cir.1993 ) .
A decision is considered “ final and ... appealable where it 1 ) seriously and seriously affects the rights and 2 ) finally resolve the legal issue to which it is addressed. ” Dye v. Brown ( In re AFI Holding , Inc. ) , 530 F.3d 832 , 836 ( 9th Cir.2008 ) ( quoting Schulman v. California ( In re Lazar ) , 237 F.3d 967 , 985 ( 9th Cir.2001 ) ) .
Once admitted into the Minnesota Department of Corrections ( “ MDOC ” ) system , Brooks received a chemical-dependency assessment , as all new inmates are required to have under Minnesota law , and was ordered to complete treatment in order to be transferred to a lower-security prison , qualify for work release , and avoid disciplinary action .
Such a need is established if either : ( 1 ) failure to obtain additional processing would pose an “ imminent threat to the life or physical safety of an individual ” ; or ( 2 ) the agency is “ primarily engaged in gathering information ” and shows an “ urgency to inform the public concerning actual or suspected Federal Government ■ activity. ” 5 U.S.C .
