In order to determine whether a court is competent to settle the case, the plaintiff must provide at least a reasonable or initial proof proving the court’s competence.
Plaintiffs argue that Defendants knew, or should have known, that Risperdal poses a significantly higher risk for new-onset diabetes mellitus or hyperglycemia than the older, cheaper, and equally effective “typical” antipsychotic drugs.
In addition, Palermo claims that his manager, Brittany Williams (Williams), who is a black female, and another one of his direct supervisors, Terry Green (Green) were aware of his applications regarding equal employment opportunity, which are the 2004 Case and the 2008 Case.
Arch did not take any actions on eight of those claims (Chart, Claims 13-20); however issued a denial letter for the ninth claim (Chart 21) on March 1, 2010. In this denial letter, Arch repeated its position that is stated before and additionally claimed an interfering Endorsement No.
It seems that respectful acts always get punished that in November 2015, the Federal Circuit then canceled this Court’s judgment that was given according to the facts of the case without having a full trial to Amphastar. And Federal Circuit ruled that ‘the provisions that may save Amphastar from liability if certain conditions are met” did not apply to its activities that had infringed the law.
This Court “may consider various factors, including whether the work performed was duplicative, if a lawyer takes extra time due to his/her inexperience, or if a lawyer performs tasks normally performed by non-lawyers.”
Obviously and to the extent more discussion on what makes something dispensable to a certain structures even necessary here: he essence of pots and pans is to contain and cook, and they can serve those functions with or without lids. While lids may complete or enhance that purpose, they are only secondary, and the lids only serve with the pots/pans to which they are intended to be fitted or combined.
Moreover, according to section 5121, the evidence that was either 'physically or by interpretation in the [deceased claimant’s] file at the time of his death must be taken into consideration in order to determine whether earned benefits must be given.Ralston v. West, 13 Vet.App.
We will pay all amounts that an “insured” legally must pay as the compensation because of the “bodily injury” or “property damage” occurred by an “accident and resulting from “garage operations” involving the ownership, maintenance or use of covered “autos” that are under the scope of this insurance.
If a prisoner "questions a reason or duration of his physical imprisonment" like here, and he wants "the court to determine that he should be released immediately or released from that imprisonment faster, his only legal solution provided under federal law is requesting to be called to the court." Preiser v. Rodriguez, 411 U.S. 475, 500, 93 S.Ct.
At the hearings, ST argued that since the document that establishes the premium plan, called the 2005 Flow Plan does not mention that renewal premiums will be payable after the MCL is reached, thus the renewal premium is not payable under ST’s premium plan.
Therefore, the government presented sufficient evidence for a jury to decide that defendant showed “all furniture, equipment, and fixtures” in each of the four properties listed as a guarantee, including the Restaurant, and that he falsely represented that no one else held any interest in the listed properties that are shown as a guarantee.
If the plaintiff manages to do so, the duty to provide sufficient evidence for the case passes to the defendant "to articulate some legitimate, nondiscriminatory reason for the employee’s rejection.” McDonnell Douglas, 411 U.S. at 802, 93 S.Ct.
However, The Court directly rejects those arguments, because the Court had previously dismissed those additional arguments during the September 7 hearing, and because the Court specifically narrowed Defendant's additional argument to the issue regarding the purchase, consumption, possession, or transportation of liquor or malt or brewed beverages, and because Defendant’s reply raises new issues to the arguments made so far, and as none of its additional filing nor Plaintiff's response raised those issues.
The closest Williams argues that a court standard called “Baze” which rules that a method of execution is unlawful if it creates a “substantial risk of serious harm” or an “objectively intolerable risk of harm” is in a heading in the briefs outline. The heading reads, “What is known of the State’s Revised protocol indicates that Williams will likely suffer needless, undue, and excruciating pain during execution.”
Neither party argues against this, but neither party provides any evidence as to what kind of hospital Plaintiffs would be placed in, what level of care they would receive, what services they would be entitled to during their hospitalizations, or the probable durations of their hospital stays.
In sum, Trader Joe’s has not shown that an “All Natural” label would imply or suggest ascorbic acid inferiority, which might violate the FDCA and FDA regulations. Thus the plaintiffs’ Juice-related claims cannot be prioritized.
For certainty, if she wants to win her alienation of affections case against the third party that caused the end of her marriage, Plaintiff must prove: (1) love and affection of her ex-spouse had for the plaintiff; (2) losses that the plaintiff suffered; and (3) this third party’s apparent acts, conduct, or enticement causing those affections to depart.
Even after the signing of the Contract, Starr and Carson each signed various purchase orders which indicated Jasmin’s address for delivery. Trina delivered the solar panels directly to Jasmin in Australia; and Jasmin accepted and installed the panels. Following acceptance and installments, at one point, Jasmin stated that Jasmin would pay the invoices in an email to Trina which was also sent to JRC.
While questioning whether the separate claims of Claim 1 and 9 of the ‘681 Patent are valid, Nash refers to Section 103 of the Patent Act. This Section forbids granting a patent for an invention where “the differences between the claimed invention and existing knowledge are in such a way that the claimed invention as a whole would have been obvious to an average expert practicing in the field that the invention is put forward before the patent application for the invention”. 35 U.S.C.
In doing so, the Board should be mindful that it “has a special obligation to read the filings without an attorney liberally.” Robinson v. Shinseki, 557 F.3d 1355, 1358-59 (Fed.Cir.2009).
The failure to adhere to this procedural instruction causes the notice of suspension “defective and invalid from the beginning.”
The responsibility is on the requester party to show, through the lawsuit, discovery and sworn statements, “that there is no genuine dispute as to any substantive law and [that] the requester has right to file lawsuit as a matter of law.” Fed.
The Court must therefore accept the defendants’ request for rejection if it answers three questions in the affirmative: (1) whether the defendants are, “provider[s] ... of an interactive computer service,” 47 U.S.C.
No unacceptable evaluations and nothing that really stands out in the weekly ... [training and HR pretty much agrees [sic] we don’t have a case: Perhaps Steve’s report will change in entirety based on 6th step info.
Merck now files a lawsuit to refuse, the state whistle-blower claim under Federal Rules, of Civil Procedure 12(b)(1) and - 12(b)(6), arguing that claim is privileged by the Illinois Human Rights Act, 775 ILCS 5/1-101 et seq.
In Fluorine’s view, Amtrak may seize private property for public use only “as a last resort” — “where it cannot practicably do otherwise” — and it urges the Court to engage in a searching, fact- specific review of Amtrak’s expropriation decision.
There is no indication on the face of the April 1988 rating decision that the RO did not consider the evidence of record or the application of § 4.16(b), and the Court cannot make a decision that it failed to do so on the basis of silence alone.
Should-the Court find that such costs constitute an economic injury sufficient to confer interest, “a private plaintiff bringing a UCL claim automatically would have protect interest by filing suit.” Cordon v. Wachovia Mortg., a Div.
The Veterans Court recognized its authority to release from obligation by way of supreme court order, noting that such relief “is a drastic one, to be invoked only in extraordinary circumstances.” Veterans Opinion at 1 (citing Kerr v. U.S. Dist.)
To the extent that Vivendi’s argument is that GAMCO should have unearthed information that would have led it to discount Vivendi’s misrepresentations, such arguments fails because mutual fault is not a defense to securities fraud.
The privilege “recognizes that sound legal advice or advocacy serves whole public and that such advice or advocacy depends upon the lawyer’s being fully informed by the client.” Upjohn v. United States, 449 U.S. 383, 389, 101 S.Ct.
Plaintiffs respond by noting that, according to the Amended Complaint, the parties engaged in discussions over an unexecuted draft Operating Agreement, which “contemplated that [the parties] would ‘operate the proton therapy center together.’” Pl.
The only exception to this general rule — one that is not applicable here — is if the transferor court already decided an issue (based on its own interpretation of the law) and thus the “the opinions of the circuit court have a binding effect on the case” governs that issue even in the receiver court.
In other words, a finding that pinniped predation is having a significant negative impact on the decline or recovery of protected salmonids does not mean that pinniped predation endangers those salmonids, as the term is used in the ESA context.
In determining whether Capital-Source retained a security interest in the cash proceeds, the court acknowledged that under § 9-332, “CapitalSource did not have a enforceable legal claim in the funds after Debtor [Delco Oil] transferred them to Marathon.”
The probation office filed a petition to repeal Defendant’s supervised release, alleging Defendant had been (1) associating with a convicted felon (a female) without permission, and (2) discharged from RRC for making threatening statements to a staff member.
Therefore, the court’s analysis in this Ruling focuses solely on the first step of the above inquiry: determining whether the state statutes “order or authorize a spontaneously antitrust violation.” Freedom Holdings IV, 624 F.3d at 49 (quotation marks and citation omitted).
Having considered the motions, responses, replies, supporting evidence, the argument of counsel, and the applicable law, the court will accept the summary decision proposal and dismiss all of Plaintiffs’ claims and dismiss all other pending motions for the reasons to follow.
Now pending before the court is the “Proposal to Dismiss Plaintiffs Second Amended Complaint Pursuant to Rule 12(b)(6) of Defendants Gene Byron Schenberg, Richard F. Huck, III, Michael J. McKitrick, Danna McKitrick, P.C., NetSecure Technologies, Ltd. and Daniel McCann.”
Due to the actions of the suers’, (1) the person they sued had to submit three additional petitions and (2) bear unjustified expenses. Also, (3) they extended the duration of the trial without a cause, and (4) wasted the time of both the person they sued and the Court.
During the interview, the person who is sued told Chief Koivunen that he had used methamphetamine in the previous week, but that he had been "awake for more than a week". He also added that he used methamphetamine "all day" on May 6. (Official Evidence)
Mrs. Carroll’s husband, Mr. Dodson, who was a veteran, passed away due to an injury or disease related to his service. However, she did not apply for Dependency and Indemnity Compensation (“DIC”), a benefit provided to surviving spouses of veterans who die from service-related causes, within two years of his passing.
Wendy’s thought that asking for a jury trial meant giving up the right to waive a jury trial as stated in the contract. However, the opinion lacks a clear explanation. Moreover, this opinion also does not directly address the question of whether the jury request complies with the content regulated in Rule 38(d).
The chapter 13 debtor, Gary D. Barbee (“Debtor”) filed an adversary action against U.S. Bank National Association. He did it as a receiver for the Truman FHA Trust 2008-1. Also, through its mortgage servicing agent BAC Home Loan Servicing (“Bank”), he tried to avoid the Bank’s interest in the house that he built under 11 U.S.C.
There is a court’s summary decision regarding suspected deception by taking advantage of the suers’ carelessness. Morgan Stanley has not yet responded to this summary decision. Despite this, I ordered the suers to show an explanation. They were asked to clarify why accusations of misleading negligence against Morgan Stanley should not be rejected. This request is based on my findings that Morgan Stanley did not make any legally significant false statements to the suers.
The Audit Report also acknowledged partial adherence to Standard 2100. Specifically, it mentioned an approach to performing risk assessment proceedings that is more comprehensive and standardized compared to the current practices at Chipotle. Likewise, the report recognized that IA considers the “level of detail” unnecessary or unsuitable for the Chipotle setting of Standard 2100.
God-frey, Ralph Thumma, Loretta Seneca, Michael Froio, and Andy Keller claim that all employees at HOPE would have acted as witnesses to the fact that Godfrey had not interfered with the sales process and that all sales were carried out by Burris and Fischer. In addition, they would have spoken up that Burris performed all hiring and training of employees; See Docket # 336, at 6-10.
This court has the authority to review a decision of the Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims in some respects. It may exercise this authority while determining whether “the decision of the Court is valid due to a rule of law or any statute or regulation” or examining “…any comment that was attributed by [CAVC] while giving a decision (except for the determination of a real issue).”. 38 U.S.C.
One of the legal challenger’s challenges to one of the Board decisions became legally clarified when the June 2008 Board decision was contested. It happened when he represented himself in court without the assistance of an attorney to recall the legal direction in February 2012. Later, he submitted his informal written argument, which included arguments concerning the merits of the request to a higher court on the underlying issue (Substantive Appeal) decided in the June 2008 Board decision.
In its papers opposing BDP’s motion for judgment, Deltech highlights the Stolt/BDP contract as the relevant agreement. This contract involved BDP’s agreement to perform goods transportation coordination duties for Stolt. Deltech points out that the violation alleged is the failure to properly prepare the shipping document for goods. Moreover, Deltech claims it has the benefits of third-party involvement in this matter.
“Unclean hands” is a self-imposed rule that if the person asking for help does injustice or acts in bad faith about the issue for which he or she seeks help, this behavior closes the doors of the court of justice. It derives from the motto about the principle of equality, “he who enters righteousness must come with clean hands.” Precision Instrument Mfg.
First, in the Civil Remedy Notice (a notice of legal action) filed with the State of Florida, Suer supposed that “adequate information has already been provided to guarantee the tender of policy limits” to the person she sued. After that, the suer reported that she was ready to accept the policy’s maximum payout to reach an agreement…” [DE 1-2 at 16].
Suer Laura J. Ramos alleged that her employer, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (“FBI”), treated her with unfairness based on her race (Count I), subjected her to adverse workplace conditions (Count II), and took revenge on her after she made a formal complaint to the administrative authorities (Count III).
Due to previously mentioned reasons, the Court RECALLS its May 31, 2013, decision, REFUSES Mrs. Tagupa’s request for permission to present additional evidence, ELIMINATES the Board’s August 2, 2011 decision, and SENDS the issue BACK to the Department of Veterans Affairs to verify the service from the Department of the Army.
Upon receipt of a letter disputing the factual accuracy of information in a consumer's documents, Section 1681i imposes a duty on a CRA. The duty is twofold: to conduct a reinvestigation and either delete the disputed information or disclose the status of the disputed information to the person raising the dispute.
However, suer chose not to go after a benefit rejection claim under § 1132(a)(1)(B). This decision was presumably made due to the significant authority that [the person sued] has in interpreting the terms of the Certificate.' Pursuing such a claim would require demonstrating that the used person’s decision to deny the suer’s claim was inconsistent and careless.
In cases like this, if a prisoner challenges the fact or duration of their physical imprisonment and seeks a determination for immediate release or a quicker release from that imprisonment, their only federal way out is to challenge the unlawful detention or imprisonment. (habeas corpus)." (Preiser v. Rodriguez, 411 U.S. 475, 500, 93 S.Ct.)
An example of an unfair work practice by a workers’ organization under the union and labor rights section of the CSRA is to “intervene, restrict, or compel any employee to exercise any of his rights”. A worker’s organization’s failure or refusal to comply with another provision of the relevant section also constitutes an unjustifiable work practice.
However, the Court notes that the clause allowing attorney’s fees in the Estate of Gaines is significantly comprehensive compared to the clause in this case. The clause in this case only permits payment for “charges accumulated in the trust management”. Restated Revocable Living Trust dated May 1, 2006, DN 27-6, p. 13.
Seeing that there is more evidence that the claim is likely to be false, the Board had to conclude that the evidence is enough to make a decision. The Board did not choose to trust the claim even though it was not certain about the truth.
Broad preventive bans that do not precisely address critical issues that legitimately affect the state cannot be subject to intermediate scrutiny.
The clause is referred to as the residual clause. In Johnson 2015, the Supreme Court held that the residual clause causes that the defendants are no longer given sufficient notice of a claim against them. It also leads judges to decide arbitrarily. Thus, the residual clause violates the due process clause of the Constitution.
Sony provided a message with the images and declared that no one at Sony could have known about Susan_14's photos without the help of something like a hash value system except for the case someone actually had used human eyes to review them.
The court concluded that the government cannot obtain a legitimate amount of share in an entireties property without depriving the innocent spouse of a part of the interest, if the spouses remain married to each other and the entireties estate.
The bankruptcy court decided in favor of NBI and banned White to re-litigate the commitment of fraud on November 9, 2011 and entered judgment in favor or NBI and against White in the amount of $378,486.17.
However, the DOC accepts that it is unfamiliar with the billing practices of most Minnesota shops. He admits that he reached this conclusion primarily based on representations from Reid, Rosar, Schmultz, and a few others affiliated with Minnesota’s auto-glass industry.
Accordingly, to receive a time extension, Ms. Cheeo must have exercised due diligence between the following dates: July 6, 2011 — the date of the Board decision — and October 6, 2011 — the date on which the Board decision was resent to her at her new address.
Over the course of almost one year, [the Plaintiff] received $108,500.00, possibly from the $424,233.00, which is unaccounted for. However, it is unclear whether the $108,500.00 came from one of the Trust Enterprise accounts, Defendant Birch’s IOLTA account, or an unknown account.”
The District Court found that the plaintiffs failed to allege a single specific instance in which a named Plaintiff worked overtime and was not compensated for this time. Accordingly, the Court held that the plaintiffs' overtime claim was factually inadequate.
Haddad alleges that Midland Funding is a collection agency licenced by the State of Illinois and collects or attempts to collect defaulted consumer debts originally owed to others.
The legislature uses the disputed phrase to mean the interpretation given by Defendants, rather than by Plaintiff. It is understood when one looks at these examples of the legislature’s multiple other uses of the disputed phrase and ones similar to it in other versions of the statute and the very enactment applicable here.
There is no enough evidence for the court to conclude whether Benedetto's arrest was either “a basic assumption on which the contract was made” or “foreseeable.” Thus, Delta may not use the doctrine of impossibility to defeat Benedetto’s breach of contract claim at this stage of the litigation when there is no further facts to support Delta.
It is claimed that there is an intention to provide the enhanced benefits to employees whose entities were sold but who continued working for the purchasing employer. But the references in the minutes to "retention" and "maintaining the status quo" relied on by the plaintiffs are not definitive. Therefore, the claimed intention cannot be construed by the Committee.
Defendant notes that the Department of Justice publicly has taken the position for almost 20 years the the highest willfulness standard applies to campaign-finance violations. This is indicated in both its manual published soon after Cheek and Ratzlaf but before Bryan and by its manual published almost 10 years after Bryan.
Even though Plaintiff asks for the rescission of the note and mortgage in his Complaint, he argues that determining on this does not require the Court to exercise jurisdiction over the property to grant judgment, nor does it result in the Court awarding possession of the property to any party.
The contracting officer tries to select the approach that will provide the best overall value to the Government. Because the relative importance of cost or price may vary. For example, when "the requirement is clearly definable and the risk of unsuccessful contract performance is minimal, cost or price may play a dominant role in source selection.”
First, the court must note the elements that should be pleaded by a plaintiff to state a claim. Second, the court should identify allegations. This is necessary because allegations are no more than conclusions, are not entitled to the assumption of truth. After that, if there are well-pleaded factual allegations, a court should assume they are true. Finally, the court should determine whether these well-pleaded factual allegations reasonably give rise to an entitlement for relief.
He advanced three federal claims. Firstly, he claimed that the defendants violated Brady because they withheld the evidence favorable to Beaman and deprived Beaman of a fair trial. The defendants acted individually, jointly, and in conspiracy in do in so (individual liability). Secondly, he claimed that the defendants made a conspiracy to deprive Beaman of material evidence favorable to him (conspiracy liability). Thirdly, he claimed that the defendants should have intervened in order to prevent the violation of his rights, but they failed to do so (failure to intervene liability). He advanced three federal claims. Firstly, he claimed that the defendants violated Brady because they withheld the evidence favorable to Beaman and deprived Beaman of a fair trial. The defendants acted individually, jointly, and in conspiracy in do in so (individual liability). Secondly, he claimed that the defendants made a conspiracy to deprive Beaman of material evidence favorable to him (conspiracy liability). Thirdly, he claimed that the defendants should have intervened in order to prevent the violation of his rights, but they failed to do so (failure to intervene liability).
Plaintiffs further allege that despite their license agreements were terminated, Daewo and its owner Ro, continued to rent and even sell plaintiffs' works that are infringing and pirated copies. These works were obtained via internet downloads and unauthorized personal copies and/or from defendant Korean Korner, Inc. (“Korean Korner”) and defendant Sun Yop Yoo (“Yoo”), the former owner of a now-defunct video store by the name of Ann Bang Video.
Darren L. DeFlanders (“DeFlanders”) goes to higher court against the decision of the United States Court of' Appeals for Veterans Claims (“Veterans Court”) which approves the decisions of the Board of Veterans’ Appeals (“the Board”). In the decision of the Board, firstly it is stated that De-Flanders had not submitted new and material evidence enough to restart the case for service-connected disability compensation for a left knee disability and spots on the lungs. Secondly, the court did not accept the claim on compensation for sports on the brain. Lastly, the court denied a disability rating in excess rating in excess of 10% for chest pain which is not related to heart.
Shortly, the Secretary argues that Article 4.85(a) requires the effective date for an increased disability claim to be set in accordance with the date a Maryland CNC test is administered adds words to the regulation that are not there. Also, it does not fit with the meaning of the section 5110(b)(3), which requires the effective date of a court decision of increased compensation to be “the earliest date as of which it is ascertainable that an increase in disability had occurred.” 38 U.S.C.
Given the judgement in Koloms, the question remaining for the Court is whether the underlying cases arose out of "traditional environmental pollution", such as the furnace leak in Koloms, which is an isolated, ordinary consequence arising from day-to-day operations and of the kind properly covered. This case falls within the definition, even though it is more art than science to determine when the isolated consequences of normal business operations end and “traditional environmental pollution” begins.
The factors considered by the court in determining penalties for Works Co. are as follows: 1. The defendant's genuine attempt to comply with the statute. 2. The level of culpability exhibited by the defendant. 3. The defendant's past record of violations, if any. 4. The importance of ensuring compliance with the relevant regulations for the public interest. 5. The nature and circumstances surrounding the specific violation in question. 6. The seriousness or gravity of the violation. 7. The financial capacity of the defendant to pay the penalty. 8. The appropriateness of the penalty's size in relation to the defendant's business and its impact on the defendant's ability to continue operations. 9. The penalty should not be disproportionately severe and should not shock the conscience of the court. 10. Any economic benefit gained by the defendant as a result of the violation. 11. The extent of harm caused to the public. 12. The value of upholding the authority of the regulatory agency. 13. Whether the party protected by the statute has received adequate compensation for any harm suffered. 14. Any other factors that the concept of justice may require.
In his claim for negligence, Plaintiff argues that Defendant NDI’s potentially acted carelessly since it 1) did not guarantee a proper chain of custody of the subject specimen; (2) did not communicate with Plaintiff and the test facilities any and all factors which could or did affect the testing; (3) did not consider and eliminate any and all factors which may improperly affect the tests; (4) did not provent testing results of and/or reporting of a “false-positive”; (5) did not pre-test interview Plaintiff to rule out abnormalities which could and/or did affect the tests; (5) did not maintain and/or cause to be maintained appropriate quality-control testing and/or reporting mechanisms and/or protocols; (6) did not act in accordance with procedures, regulations, protocols, and/or laws on reporting and/or testing; and (7) did not watch and/or control others’ compliance.
In the Two Left Feet treatment, there is a provision to include some "goofballs" for comic relief and a few exceptional contestants to create envy and competitiveness among the other participants. The treatment also mentions a host who is described as an ex-law enforcement officer and federal agent with a master's degree in Social Work. This host would utilize their background to manipulate the other host, who is a biochemist with an analytical nature and a temper. The biochemist would focus on evaluating competitors using scientific parameters like body fat and other statistics.
Defendants McQueen and Tonigan have been given permission by Judge Gordon Graham to act as special state's lawyers. They have the duty to look into and file accusations against SAO employees who abuse their official positions. They will concentrate on people who have given their friends, family members, or supporters privileged treatment in criminal cases.
Back then, the state-sponsored terrorism exception didn't create a separate legal claim on its own. Instead, it served as a way to redirect or channel claims against private individuals to existing laws. These laws could be found in federal, state, or international legal systems.
If the conduct in question took place before 2004, in order for the Kansas Securities Act to be applicable, the case must have been initiated within the time frame specified by that law. Alternatively, it needed to be initiated by July 1, 2010, which is five years after the Uniform Act came into effect.
To expose the conspiracy against him, Mr. Blaney asked the Veterans Court to assemble a special investigative committee. He also requested that the court make a summary judgment on his claims and issue an order that would allow him to file a lawsuit against both the Veterans Court and the VA.
During the suppression hearing at the District Court, evidence was presented and testimony was given by various individuals. The Government called Officer Hough as its witness, while the defense called five witnesses: Ismail, Delaine, Siddiqah, Tazke-yah, and Richard Thomas, III, who happened to be a friend of Mallory’s.
Typically, when an expert bases their opinion on the opinion of another expert, the credibility and weight of that opinion are considered, rather than its admissibility. This principle was established in the case Ferrara & DiMercurio v. St. Paul Mercury Ins.
According to the interpretation of Rule 8 by the Twombly case, a plaintiff's complaint should go beyond mere conceivability and instead "nudge" their claims towards plausibility. This standard was further affirmed in the Iqbal case, where it was emphasized that a complaint must meet this requirement.
In order to demonstrate this, a plaintiff can provide evidence that the employer's explanation is lacking credibility because it lacks any factual basis. This principle was established in the case Torgerson v. City of Rochester, where it was determined that such evidence can be used to challenge the employer's explanation.
During his testimony, he stated that he had difficulty comprehending courtroom procedures and understanding certain legal terms, such as "constitutional right," "consult with attorney," "inference," or "degree." These terms were used by the trial judge in conversations with Newman.
The legal validity of each claim made against the defendant, a foreign embassy, is being assessed. It is important to note that foreign embassies are generally protected from lawsuits based on the doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity, as outlined in the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (FSIA), found in Title 28 of the United States Code.
According to a statement presented in the amicus brief, alcohol dependence can progress to a stage where it becomes irreversible without professional assistance. At this point, the individual may lack the ability to independently refrain from further alcohol use. This suggests the importance of seeking professional help in such circumstances.
Likewise, in the case American Power & Light, the Court affirmed a delegation of authority to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). This delegation empowered the SEC to undertake necessary measures to prevent companies from distributing voting power among security holders in an unfair or inequitable manner. The court's decision can be found in the citation 329 U.S. at 104-105, 67 S.Ct.
The Board's decision was deemed appropriate in determining that the time that elapsed between the VA receiving notice in January 2009 and responding in September 2009 did not alter the fact that the veteran had knowledge of the situation. Furthermore, the Board concluded that this time delay did not lessen the veteran's responsibility in the matter. This information can be found in the record, specifically on page 9.
The Goldmans argue that HALO lacks a valid fraud claim because it is undeniable that HALO had full knowledge of the loss of the Track Group. According to Missouri law, for a fraud claim to be valid, a plaintiff must reasonably rely on a false statement.
Claimant said that on a nearly monthly basis between January 2009 and December 2009, she was treated at the clinic. The reason was that she could not breathe, and she had a body ache. Also her heart was beating fast, and she felt like she was dying, kept couging and spitting.
Whether a claim is subject to the Tucker Act depends on whether, “in whole or in part, it clearly or ‘in majority’ seeks more than $10,000 in monetary relief from the federal government.” Kidwell v. Dep’t of Army.
The parties in their briefing called the Notice of Lapse the "May 23 Notice." However, the Court will refer to it as the "May 24 Notice" because the Policy's grace period of 61 days began on May 24, which is when the notice was actually sent.
By letter dated June 5, 2007, Holzrichter replied to a question posed by a person of WisDOT: “Isn’t joining the Union your choice?” He answered saying that he could not join a union because of economic, moral and ethical concerns.
As a result of this issue, we need not address whether section 5121 of title 38 could be applied to FVECF claims. An additional reason is that section 5121 may be preempted by ARRA section 1002(c). This governs the scope of FVECF survivor claims.
Mr. Levis has accused indecencies about the tuition and fees. He alleged that Full Sail charged him for courses that he did not take. He has not provided any specifics about misrepresentations made by Full Sail or any other defendant.
Wesolowski complains that he first requested dental treatment on October 1, 2001, and that he was not examined by a dentist until April 11, 2002. He fails to allege any factual basis such that delay can be attributed to one or more of the defendants.
Dr. Wood also couldn't devise a permanent accomodation that would have allowed Crider to fulfill her duties with respect to site visits, conferences and other weekend events without at least some work or travel on Friday nights and Saturdays
The invention aims to: (1) prevent bubble fluid or (2) air from flowing back through the tube; (3) hold sufficient bubble fluid so as not to limit the quality of the bubbles; and (4) prevent bubble fluid from dripping down the outside of the tube onto the user.
As a result, the RO assigned Mr. Delisle a 100 percent disability rating for the period from April 7, 2010 to May 31, 2011, and assigned a 60 percent rating, along with a total disability rating based on individual usage for the period following May 31, 2011.
For ease of reference, these other creditors shall be referred to together as the “Lender Group.” As their agent, Mittman engaged in extensive case with the Judgment Creditors over the right to receive around $841,000.00 due to the Debtor from Vonage.
The Board noted that DC 5280 was potentially applicable in light of Mr. Copeland’s diagnosis of hallux valgus. The Board determined that his hallux valgus was only “slight to moderate without surgical resection,” and a separate disability rating was not requested.
The cases Regions offers in support of its argument do not examine this told requirement in any detail. They only make a passing reference to being “charged for the call.” See Osorio v. State Farm Bank, F.S.B., 859 F.Supp.2d 1326, 1329 (S.D.Fla.2012); Knutson v.
If not, analysis proceeds to step four, and the ALJ determines the claimant’s residual functional capacity (“RFC”). RFC is the ability to perform physical or metal work activities on a continued basis, despite limitations for the collective impairments.
Similar designs in the market and Huitink’s use of established engineering standards has existed. Huitink admits that he created his proposed alternative design solely for the purposes of this litigation.
After reviewing the relevant Ohio and federal statutes, he found that “abuse” is defined as “the willful application of injury, unreasonable capture, fear or punishment with resulting physical harm, pain or mental pain.”
In the example, claimants provide factual allegations that MacIntyre was not paid for a total of 76 hours of overtime between 2012 and 2014. Also, Sullivan was not paid overtime-for a total of 48 hours in 2013 and 2014.
The Government says that Mr. Haddad does not have reason to sue for the ’844 patent. Mr. Haddad transferred all important rights in the ’844 patent to only vital person Astornet, Gov’t Mot.
The First Circuit has held that “repay claims are kept so long as the payback is reasonably related to and grows out of the separation said by the agency.” Clockedile v. N.H. Dep’t of Corr., 245 F.3d 1, 6 (1st Cir.2001).
In order to survive a motion to reject regarding to Rule 12(b)(6) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, a defendant must plead enough factual reasons “to state a claim to explain that is possible on its face.” Twombly, 550 U.S. at 570, 127 S.Ct.
Usually,more weights given to the opinions of treating sources, even "controlling weight," if they are well supported by medically acceptable clinical and laboratory diagnostic techniques and not conflicting with other real evidence (20 CFR 416.927(d)2).
Trooper Rivera, working under the name “Jose,” then told Haskell that he could make up for the botched drug deal by burning down a house in Springfield and an abandoned property in Holyoke, Massachusetts, as part of a fictional safeguard scam “Jose” was probably arranging.
If an exceptional disability picture is found, the RO or Board must determine whether related factors exist such “as marked interference with employment or frequent periods of hospitalization as to provide unsuitable the application of the regular schedular standards.” 38 C.F.R.
Back in open court, the judge put on the record what he had ruled (he would • allow evidence that Lawson failed to report earning but not evidence that Lawson failed to file tax returns), but not why he reached these conclusions or how he thought a jury could make proper use of the tax evidence.
As I explained at summary judgment, to determine whether a accused has met its burden of proving the routine maintenance exception, courts examine the projects, taking into account the 1) nature and extent, 2) purpose, 3) frequency, and 4) cost of the activity to arrive at a common-sense finding.
To win on such a claim, the complainant must establish that: (1) he is a member of a protected class; (2) was subjected to unwelcome sexual harassment; (3) the harassment was based on sex; (4) the harassment created a hostile work environment; and that (5) the employer is indirectly responsable.
While several circuits have held that merely placing child pornography in a shared folder on a file sharing network warrants application of a distribution enhancement, no circuit has relied on the Sentencing Guidelines definition of “distribution” to explain the meaning of the term in § 2252(a)(2).
Therefore, “if a restriction or condition is not reasonably related to a legal goal — if it is arbitrary or purposeless a court justly may infer that the purpose of the governmental action is punishment that may not inseparably be inflicted upon prisoners.”
Lastly, he claim that on August 20, 2014, he learned the “forms never reach[ed] [the New] Orleans[] [RO]” and “the counselor [] was upset that [he] continue® to call asking about these form[s] and want[ed] to know who [] [he] had been talking to,” and refused to filed a notice of reconsideration.
A jury is not required to accept an expert’s opinion, and accused’ experts present different opinions, but a jury could reasonably find, on the basis of complainant’ experts’ opinions, that it is more likely than not that one of defendants’ PIFs was contaminated and caused E.B.’s illness,
Approximately one week later, the FTC and Defendant filed a Consent Judgment and Order in which Defendant agreed to, among other things, not assess or collect “any Fee for a Default-Related Service unless it is a reasonable Fee charged ... for a Default-Related Service that is actually performed.” (Doc.
The date of admission to a non-VA hospital where a veteran was maintained at VA expense will be accepted as the date of receipt of a claim, if VA maintenance was previously authorized; but if VA maintenance was authorized subsequent to admission, the date VA received notice of admission will be accepted.
Ms. Haynes later submitted a request to the Regional Office to reopen her claim on the presentation of new documentation showing a decision by the Army Board of Correction of Military Records (“ABCMR”) to award Ms. Haynes an set-aside as a “former partner” under the Uniformed Services Former Spouse Protection Act (“USFSPA”).
Five months after Mayor Graf was elected, he published a “From Your Mayor” opinion piece in the Farmingdale Observer, which stated, in part: “We have defined an area of the Village for possible redevelopment and have ... put this plan on the ‘front burner.’ Much of the property [near] Secatogue Avenue ... is within the ‘blighted’ area.”
The district court had federal question jurisdiction over the § 1983 claim and supplemental authority over the state-law gross negligence claim, and "a federal court exercising supplemental authority over state law claims is bound to apply the law of the forum state to the same extent as if it were exercising its diversity authority.” Bass v. First Pac
Those guidelines, the 2005 Flow Plan explicitly provides, are set forth in “SunTrust Mortgage guidelines that are currently being used and have been both sided agreed upon.” The partial integration belief obtains in situations where, wholly unlike this one, the written instrument is silent on a material issue and consequently fails to impart a “complete legal duty.”
On appeal to this Court, the candidate argued that she satisfied the criteria for non-service-connected burial benefits because (1) the phrase “in receipt of repayment” in section 2302(a)(1) should be interpreted to include those veterans who were entitled to receive repayment at death, and (2) Mr. Wingard was entitled to receive repayment at the time of his death because 38 U.S.C.
In order to establish a self-evident case for discrimination under § 1981, the complainant must show that (1) it is a member of a protected class; (2) it sought to enter into a contractual relationship with the accused; (3) it met the accused’s ordinary requirements to enter into a contract with it; (4) it was denied the opportunity to enter into a contract with the accused that was otherwise afforded to companies owned by whites.
Courts may issue a writ of law only if three conditions are satisfied: 1) the candidate must demonstrate that he lacks adequate alternative means to attain the desired relief, thus ensuring that the writ is not used as a substitute for the appeals process, 2) the candidate must demonstrate a clear and indisputable right to the writ, and 3) the court must be convinced, given the circumstances, that the issuance of a writ is warranted.
In determining when an action is commenced by the Secretary of Labor under this subsection for the purposes of the statutes of limitations provided in section 255(a) of this title, it shall be considered to be commenced in the case of any individual applicant on the date when the complaint is filed if he is specifically named as a party candidate in the complaint, or if his name did not so appear, on the subsequent date on which his name is added as a party candidate in such action.
While a federal court may exercise authority to hear additional claims over state law claims “that are so related to claims in the action within [the Court’s] original jurisdiction that they form a part of the same case or controversy under Article III of the United States Constitution,” a court may decline to hear the claim where it “has rejected all claims over which it has original jurisdiction.” Indeed, unless “consideration of judicial economy, convenience and fairness to parties” weigh in favor of the exercise of the Court exercising authority to hear additional claims, “a federal court should hesitate to exercise jurisdiction over state claims.” Because Claimants argument fails to state an applicable federal claim, and because this case is at the beginning stages of the case, the Court declines to exercise authority to hear additional claims over Claimants state law claims at this time.
While there is no evidence in the Thurman opinion that the claimant expressly oppose to the application of the limitations provision on the basis of the change in corporate organization, this Court finds the Sixth Circuit’s application of the Chrysler Corporation provision instructive; in the absence of evidence or legal authority to the contrary, the agreement with Pinnacle prevent a decision of a legitimate expectation of fair cause employment. 
In this matter, Dr. Pence offers four opinions: (1) BSC did not conduct sufficient testing of the Pinnacle product before releasing the product; (2) the Pinnacle product was insufficiently labeled; (3) patients could not sufficiently agree to the surgical implantation of the Pinnacle due to the misbranding of these products; and (4) BSC failed to fulfill the post-release cautionary standard of care for their products, leading to further mis-branding.
However, even if the Claimant does so and makes out a evidently a counter claim for reprisal because “there is evidence that the change in the terms and conditions of a job that puts the Claimant in a worse position was motivated in part by protected speech, the government can avoid responsibility if it can show that it would have done the same change in the terms and conditions in the absence of the protected speech.” Heil v. Santoro, 147 F.3d 103, 109 (2d Cir.1998). 
Moreover, any such conclusion is contradicted by Commerce’s reference to its final determination in Galvanized Steel and Wire From the People's Republic of China, which describes Commerce's balancing practice for the AD cash deposit rate as introduced only on the concept that domestic subsi dies had a similar effect upon export and domestic prices.
Ms. Swanson also argues that the Veterans Court failed to decide an issue correctly, but she does not support this claim with anything more than the phrase “controversies to which the United States shall be a part” followed by citations to two Supreme Court cases addressing the extent of the courts’ power under Article III.
However, other Ninth Circuit cases explain exactly when detention becomes “lengthened”. First, in Nadarajah v. Gonzales, the Ninth Circuit reviewed Supreme Court cases and found that the Court had “used the six-month period as the standard of reasonableness.” 443 F.3d 1069, 1080 (9th Cir.2006).
Based on the totality of the circumstances—the unidentified caller claiming to have eye-witness knowledge, the simultaneous reporting of the activity, and the detailed nature of the description of the person holding the firearm, which the PRPD matched to Rivas-Castro—the call was reliable.
Citadel further claims that it has been damaged by “breach of the parties’ agreement”. It is because Citadel has lost the benefit of the bargain it would have enjoyed if it had been able to complete the project and lease it to [WRMC], as stated in the subsequent agreement.
Claimants also admit that “the Complaint and the exhibits ... claim of a pattern of blackmail extending to just under one year,” but they argue- that “the ‘two year’ requirement in order to establish closed-ended continuity is not a clearly defined rule.”
In her summary judgment briefs, Otico presented a surprise argument (a surprise to Hawaiian and to the Court, anyway) that Hawaiian failed to pay her for ten minutes of time she worked on each of eight separate days after she’d completed the training program. 
Although the title suggests wartime, section 1157 covers the repayment rates in sub-chapter II "to those veterans who served during a period of war and during any other time, who have suffered a disability during duty in each period of service.”
Tutin also wrote that Santangelo tried hard to get familiarize even though he was expected to recognize problems and react more quickly moving forward and that Tu-tin expected Santangelo to transform Alsip into a more powerful and flexible group capable of tackling industry challenges.
Without an admission from GEICO, medical statement from an expert or her treating physician, or conditions of the type that lay members of the jury could assume from the evidence a causal connection between accident and harm, Blair is unable to make that showing as a matter of law.
The Board also found that the medical evidence of record, especially the 2011 examiner’s report, showed that other post-service harms and normal wear and tear of age and his employment as a truck driver, not any basic training harm, most likely caused Vann’s lower back pain.
Finally, contrary to Respondent Hernandez’s claims, the Report established that, based upon the “supporting documentation, it appears that [EPFCU] continued a loss of at least $19 million resulting from the actions of their former employee ... Hernandez.” Report 4 (emphasis added).
The Second “Changed” Complaint makes clear that the private party helping the government is claiming that Boston Heart’s claims were “legally false” because, according to the private party helping the government, Boston Heart certified that the tests it performed were medically necessary even though they were not medically necessary for certain populations.
Relying on these cases and a word-based analysis of the provisions at issue, Husic argues that § 212(h) has been made unavailable only to a foreign who was admitted as an LPR (Lawful permanent residents), rather than one who, like Husic, got familiar to LPR status once already in the United States after lawful entry as a visitor.
Similarly, the fact that the regulation authorizes a single extra-schedular evaluation— “an extra-schedular evaluation” — arising from the “disability or disabilities” shows that officially sending someone for extra-schedular evaluation may be based on the collective impact of the veteran’s disabilities.
Considering the policy and purpose behind Rule 13(a), the court allowed the claim to go forward because it found no sign of the “a procedure that allows for repeated lawsuits that Rule 13(a) was aimed at preventing,” since the claimants bringing of multiple actions was required by statute.
Second, appointing a temporary manager does not require the appointing authority to provide the same benefits. If it did, then the on-leave worker could hold that the position was filled on a permanent basis while she was on FMLA leave.
Once the claimant properly makes a summary-judgement motion, the load shifts onto the defendant - or “the party who has the requirement of proof at trial,” Geshke v. Crocs, Inc.
Furthermore, the defendant argues in her Opposition that the Act was done “to keep D.C. residents out of harm’s way”. Therefore it creates a “general public duty.” Pl.’s Opp’n to Defs.’ Mot.
In addition, the Secretary states that “it is clear [that DC] 5284 is not applicable in this case". The simple language of that DC “forbids rating a foot condition ... that was not the result of an in-service injury.”
Defendant argues that her wrongful termination claim “does not fit within the limitations of the WLAD, FMLA or WFLA because she did not meet the required number of hours worked in the year prior to the beginning of her claim.”
The State of South Dakota filed case on its own hand in state court in this case, at a time of its own choosing, with its hand-picked defendants. Hence, no such unfair bias is present, and FAG Bearings can suitable be identified.
The Government has called at trial two so-called “cooperating witnesses,” ie, said co-workers of the defendants who have pleaded guilty and who are “cooperating” with the Government by testifying at trial in hopes of receiving a sentence reduction.
A lease agreement is a very common form of agreement between parties, whereby a lease owner not wanting of drilling at the time agrees to assign the lease, or some portion of it (in common or in parts) to another operator who is wanting of drilling the act."
Mr. Washington thinks that the Veterans Court should have decided the gunshot wound claim in his favor without requiring a custody. He raises factual issues of sufficiency of the evidence regarding his duty status at the time he was shot, and issues of his credibility.
The Fourth Circuit argued that Geriatric Release does pot provide younglings with the opportunity to obtain release “based on shown maturity and recover,” as required by Graham. The Parole Board has the authority to deny release “for any reason all.”
Before this court, Mr. Smith sees the Plan as a settlement agreeement and argues that the Veterans Court faiiled to enforce the settlement agreement. Mr. Smith wants that we repeat his case to the Veterans Court with instructions. Veterans Court should enforce the settlement agreement approved by this court in NOVA.
The court will accept Martinez’s declaration as evidence of the hours she worked and wages she received. This is because the plaintiff has not provided time-sheets and the defendant has not responded. However, the court will not accept any relief beyond what is sought in the complaint.
The development of the plan involved shifting and re-shifting portions of the county from one district to another. The commissioners relied heavily on Brace in developing the remedial plans and deferred to Brace and their attorneys regarding the plans’ legality.
The difficulty of alternative definitions for assault on a female is further highlighted in the more recent cases arising out of the North Carolina courts of appeals, which seem to recognize proof of either force or violence, particularly in cases where a battery based on force alone, even if only slight, provides the basis for the “assault” element of the crime.
The Wisconsin Supreme Court said that chapter 980 did not require dismissal of Gilbert’s commitment bill because the chapter does not contain language allowing for rejection in his cases. It does not set a time period for execution of a commitment order. And it provides that an individual may be simultaneously done under chapter 980 and jailed at a DOC facility.
The Fraternal Order of Police Penn-Jersey Lodge 30 (“FOP”) sued the Delaware River Port Authority (“DRPA”) to order the DRPA to submit to binding interest arbitration over the terms and conditions of employment for the patrol officers, corporals, and sergeants whom FOP represents and whom DRPA employs.
Third, if the Supreme Court concludes in Welch that Johnson is retroactive, failing to hold the applications in abeyance could deprive petitioners of the benefit of Johnson’s retroactivity and render a determination of retroactivity meaningless as a practical matter. Because applications for second or successive petitions based on Johnson arguably must be filed before June 26, 2016 (we do not decide that question now).
The court considered Peters’s reliance on United States v. Quinones, where the court granted the defendant’s request for a stay of forfeiture, reasoning that if the government were to sell the four parcels in such a slumped market, they would be foregoing any potential for appreciation in value once the market recovers; this loss will ultimately be borne by the defendant if the forfeiture order is reversed on appeal.
On appeal, Niehaus reinterprets the accepted facts of this case and attempts to paint USB as an " ‘eyes wide open’ participant in the fraud." She bases her allegation that USB conspired with her on the assertions that USB knew of her unlawful conduct by early 2010 when it confronted her about her fraud and asked her to resign; one of USB’s owners refused her resignation and thereby allowed her to continue to embezzle funds; USB advised her to withdraw D.C. and J.C.'s funds and transfer the money to another bank; and in the civil suit, USB agreed to release Niehaus from any and all claims relating to the litigation.
For example, Mr. Mitchell could have appealed the September 2003 decision, challenged its determination that new and material evidence had not been submitted, and raised the fact that VA never responded to the December 1973 audiogram, but failed to do so. The Federal Circuit explicitly rejected almost identical objections in Beraud, see 766 F.3d at 1406 n. 1.
The primary reason for a court granting permission to involve a third party in a lawsuit is to enhance the efficiency of the judicial process. This is achieved by eliminating the need for the defendant to file a separate lawsuit against a third individual who might share some responsibility or liability for the plaintiff's original claim.
The central question is whether USAA should be considered a corporation or an unincorporated association for diversity jurisdiction purposes, as a reciprocal insurance exchange is essentially a network of contractual relationships between subscribers who agree to provide insurance to each other, facilitated by a common agent with power of attorney.
The purpose of the FDCPA, enacted by Congress in 1977, was to put an end to unfair and abusive practices by debt collectors. It aimed to ensure that debt collectors who refrain from such practices are not at a competitive disadvantage, and to encourage consistent state actions in safeguarding consumers against debt collection abuses.
For example, in the case of Potts (882 F.2d at 1324), it was argued that a statute altering the principles of contributory and comparative negligence in state tort law should be considered a substantive rule of law applicable to federal courts in diversity cases. Similarly, in Winningham v. Swift Transportation, the issue of simplification was not specified.
If an official's conduct did not violate a clearly established constitutional right or if it was objectively reasonable for the official to believe that their conduct did not violate such a right, they are protected by qualified immunity.
Here, relying on its president’s testimony, plaintiff alleges that “stock ownership [in Patriot Lines and Vessel Operations] was restricted to the Brophys and that the two companies existed as a ‘facade for the [Brophys’] operations.’ ”
But the core issue is more protection. If you want, we can provide for the families of those who are going through the most horrific time in their life. I think we have to do it.
Instead, the conventional and suitable methods for challenging uncertain but admissible evidence involve thorough cross-examination, presenting contradictory evidence, and providing clear instructions on the burden of proof.
Standards like these are crucial because, even if a regulation appears to be content-neutral on the surface, granting unchecked discretion to government officials or agencies can potentially lead to censorship.
According to the Agreement, the arbitrators are required to reach their decision within 60 days after the hearing concludes. Additionally, the final and binding decision will be determined by the majority decision of any two arbitrators from the three-arbitrator panel.
In this case, Giwa has not provided any evidence to challenge Landes' affidavit. Landes' affidavit presents her understanding of the facts upon which she formed the conclusion that Giwa was underperforming in his role as a Senior Urban Planner and had made mistakes deserving a lower rating.
Underwriting purposes encompass various considerations such as determining whether to issue a policy, setting the coverage amount and terms, and deciding whether to renew or cancel a policy. However, it's important to note that an insurer is not allowed to obtain a consumer report for the specific purpose of evaluating a claim.
According to the record, on that specific date, the court found the defendant guilty as charged in the information and issued an order for a Judgment of Conviction to be entered on the record. Additionally, the court ordered the defendant to be remanded into the custody of the Milwaukee County Sheriff's Department.
The question at hand is whether an insured has the right to collect overall settlements from subcontractors, independently determine that they will be allocated to uninsured damages, and subsequently pursue the insurers responsible for covering the damages if the loss had been appropriately assigned to that policy.
The Supreme Court provided a brief explanation regarding this matter in relation to the Fair Housing Act, stating that if a tester has experienced harm in the exact manner that the statute aims to prevent, then regardless of the motive for filing the lawsuit, an injury has taken place.
Regarding past performance, the solicitation notified offerors that the government would evaluate their performance history, particularly major or critical aspects of the requirement, to assess the likelihood of successfully fulfilling the solicitation requirements.
In diversity cases, a federal court can exercise personal jurisdiction over a non-resident defendant if two conditions are met. First, the court must have jurisdiction under the state's long-arm statute. Second, the exercise of jurisdiction must comply with constitutional due process. This principle was established in the case Nichols v. G.D. Searle & Co., 991 F.2d 1195, 1199 (4th Cir. 1993).
A decision is deemed "final and appealable" when it meets two criteria. First, it must substantially impact and affect substantive rights. Second, it must conclusively determine the specific issue it addresses. This principle was articulated in Dye v. Brown (In re AFI Holding, Inc.), 530 F.3d 832, 836 (9th Cir. 2008), citing Schulman v. California (In re Lazar), 237 F.3d 967, 985 (9th Cir. 2001).
Upon entering the Minnesota Department of Corrections ("MDOC") system, Brooks underwent a chemical-dependency assessment, as mandated by Minnesota law for all new inmates. It was determined that Brooks must complete treatment in order to be transferred to a lower-security prison, become eligible for work release, and prevent disciplinary penalties.
There are two conditions under which the need for expedited processing is justified. Firstly, if not obtaining expedited processing would create an immediate threat to the life or physical safety of an individual. Secondly, if the requester is primarily involved in disseminating information and can demonstrate an urgency to inform the public about actual or alleged activities of the Federal Government. This is governed by 5 U.S.C. (United States Code).