In order to obtain discovery regarding the issue of a court's power over a person, at a minimum, the plaintiff must establish a false or at first sight showing of a court's power over a person.
Plaintiffs argue that Defendants knew, or should have known, that the risk of at the beginning of diabetes mellitus or hyperglycemia associated with Risperdal is significantly higher than with older, cheaper, and equally effective “typical” antipsychotic drugs.
In addition, Palermo asserts that his manager, Brittany Williams (Williams), who is a black female, and another one of his direct supervisors, Terry Green (Green) were aware of his EEO Complaints, the 2004 Case, and the 2008 Case.
Arch took no action on eight of those claims (Chart, Claims 13-20), and issued a letter that rejecting an employee's request for the ninth claim (Chart, Claim 21) on March 1, 2010 by re-asserting its position noted before and further asserting that an intervening Endorsement No.
Because, apparently, no act of respect goes unpunished, the Federal Circuit then discharged this Court’s grant of summary judgment to Amphastar and held, in November, 2015, 'that the safe harbor provision did not apply to' its infringing activities.
This Court “may consider a number of factors, including whether the work performed was duplicative, if an attorney takes extra time due to inexperience, or if an attorney performs tasks normally performed by legal assistants, clerical personnel, or other non-attorneys.”
Obviously, and to the extent further discussion of essential character is even necessary here: the essence of pots and pans is to contain and cook, and they can serve those functions with or without lids; and while lids may complete or boost that purpose, they are only incidental there to and serve no purpose otherwise without the pots/pans to which they are intended to be fitted or combined.
Moreover, under section 5121, a determination of whether benefits that benefits that the deceased claiment has earned based on his service or other criteria, but that are payable to him at some later date should be awarded “must be determined based on evidence that was either'physically or constructively in the [deceased claimant’s] file at the time of his death.” Ralston v. West, 13 Vet.App.
We will pay all amount an “insured” legally must pay as damages because of “bodily injury” or “property damage” to which this insurance applies, caused by an “accident” and resulting from “garage operations” involving the ownership, maintenance or use of covered “autos”.
Where, as here, a prisoner “challenges the very fact or duration of his physical imprisonment, and the release he seeks is a determination that he is entitled to immediate release or a speedier release from that imprisonment, his sole federal remedy is a ordinance used to bring a prisoner or other detainee before the court to determine if the person's imprisonment or detention is lawful.” Preiser v. Rodriguez, 411 U.S. 475, 500, 93 S.Ct.
At oral argument, ST argued that it is clear that no subsequent premium that is paid by the insured to the insurer in order to keep the policy in operation and avail the benefits of the policy accordingly is due under ST’s premium plan because the document setting forth the premium plan, the 2005 Flow Plan, nowhere mentions these premiums being due after the MCL is reached.
Therefore, the government presented sufficient evidence for a jury to conclude that defendant gave as security “all furniture, equipment, and fixtures” in each of the four properties listed, including the Restaurant, and that he falsely represented that no one else held any interest in the collateral.
If the plaintiff succeeds in doing so, the party's obligation to come forward with sufficient evidence to support a particular proposition of fact shifts to the defendant "to articulate some legitimate, nondiscriminatory reason for the employee’s rejection.” McDonnell Douglas, 411 U.S. at 802, 93 S.Ct.
However, because the Court had previously cancelled those additional arguments during the September 7 session in court, and because the Court specifically narrowed Defendant's supplemental argument to the issue of § 6308, and because Defendant’s reply raises new issues insofar as neither its supplemental filing nor Plaintiff's response raised those issues, the Court rejects those argument out of hand.
The closest Williams comes to addressing the Baze standard is in a heading in the briefs outline that reads, “What is known of the State’s Revised protocol indicates that Williams will likely suffer needless, undue, and distressful pain during implementation of the decision.”
This is undisputed, but neither party provides any evidence as to what kind of hospital Plaintiffs would be placed in, what level of care they would receive, what services they would be entitled to during their hospitalizations, or the possible durations of their hospital stays.
In sum, because Trader Joe’s has made no proof that the lack of an “All Natural” label would imply or suggest ascorbic acid inferiority in violation of the FDCA and FDA regulations, it has made no proof that plaintiffs’ Juice-related claims are privileged.
To be sure, to win on her alienation of affections claim, Plaintiff must prove: (1) love and affection of the spouse for the plaintiff; (2) actual losses; and (3) clear actions, conduct, or enticement on the part of the defendant causing those affections to depart.
Even after the performing of the Contract, Starr and Carson each signed various purchase orders that pointed out delivery to Jas-min’s address; Trina delivered the solar panels directly to Jasmin in Australia; and Jasmin accepted and installed the panels, at one point stating in an email to Trina on which JRC was copied that Jasmin would pay the invoices.
In challenging the validity of Claims 1 and 9 of the ’681 Patent—both of which are independent claims—Nash cites Section 103 of the Patent Act, which forbids the registration of a patent where “the differences between the claimed invention and the prior art are such that the claimed invention as a whole would have been obvious before the effective filing date of the claimed invention to a person having ordinary skill in the art to which the claimed invention belongs to.” 35 U.S.C.
"The Board should remember its duty to interpret pro se filings liberally."Robinson v. Shinseki, 557 F.3d 1355, 1358-59 (Fed.Cir.2009).
Failure to follow the procedure results in the notice of settlement to no longer apply.
"The party making the motion has the responsibility to demonstrate, using pleadings, discovery, and affidavits, that there are no significant factual disputes and that they are entitled to judgment as a matter of law."Fed.
If the Court can answer three questions positively, it must grant the defendants' motion to dismiss. The questions are: (1) whether the defendants qualify as "provider[s] ... of an interactive computer service." 47 U.S.C.
There are no problematic evaluations or remarkable incidents in the weekly reports. Both the training and HR departments concur that there is no basis for a case. It is possible that Steve's report might be altered completely after considering the information from the sixth step.
Merck is currently seeking to dismiss the state whistle-blower claim by invoking Federal Rules of Civil Procedure 12(b)(1) and 12(b)(6). They argue that the claim is preempted by the Illinois Human Rights Act, specifically 775 ILCS 5/1-101 et seq.
According to Fluorine, Amtrak should only resort to condemning a property interest when it is absolutely necessary and there are no other feasible alternatives. Fluorine strongly urges the Court to thoroughly examine Amtrak's decision to condemn, taking into account the specific facts of the case.
The April 1988 rating decision does not show any clear sign that the RO did not consider the evidence or the application of § 4.16(b). Based solely on the absence of information, the Court cannot determine that it neglected to do so.
If the Court determines that these costs qualify as an economic injury that grants standing, then a private plaintiff who files a UCL claim would automatically have standing. This is illustrated in the case of Cordon v. Wachovia Mortgage, a Div.
The Veteran Court via an order granted relief, noting such a relief is a to granted in special circumstances.
Vivendi's argument suggests that GAMCO should have discovered information that would have made them skeptical of Vivendi's false statements. However, this argument fails because contributory negligence is not a valid defense in cases of securities fraud.
"The privilege acknowledges that effective legal advice or advocacy benefits the public and relies on the lawyer having complete information from the client."Upjohn v. United States, 449 U.S. 383, 389, 101 S.Ct.
Plaintiffs counter by highlighting that, as per the Amended Complaint, the parties conducted negotiations regarding an unsigned draft Operating Agreement that envisioned them jointly operating the proton therapy center.
The sole exception to this general rule, which does not apply in this case, is when the transferring court has already made a decision on an issue based on its own understanding of the law. In such cases, the "law of the case" prevails even in the receiving court.
A study showing pinniped being prey on negatively effects the population of salmonids, but this doesn’t completely mean that pinniped being preyed on is actually has a negative impact on salmonids
When deciding if Capital-Source maintained a security interest in the cash proceeds, the court recognized that according to § 9-332, "CapitalSource no longer had a security interest in the funds once Debtor [Delco Oil] transferred them to Marathon."
The probation office submitted a petition to revoke the Defendant's supervised release. The petition claims that the Defendant engaged in unauthorized association with a convicted felon (a female) and was discharged from the RRC due to making threatening statements to a staff member.
The courts analysis in this Ruling has not been on the first step of the above inquiry .Being whether the state statutes have or authorize a state state violation . Freedom Holdings IV -LRB- the marks and citation added -RRB- .Freedom Holdings IV were 624 F. 3d .
After carefully reviewing the motions, responses, replies, supporting evidence, arguments from both sides, and the relevant law, the court has decided to grant the summary judgment motion. As a result, all of the Plaintiffs' claims will be dismissed, and any other pending motions will also be dismissed. The court will provide detailed reasons for its decision.
The court currently has under consideration the "Motion to Dismiss Plaintiffs Second Amended Complaint" filed by defendants Gene Byron Schenberg, Richard F. Huck, III, Michael J. McKitrick, Danna McKitrick, P.C., NetSecure Technologies, Ltd., and Daniel McCann. The motion is made pursuant to Rule 12(b)(6).
Claimants' actions have (1) caused the defendant to file three additional requests (2) unnecessarily extended this case, (3) caused the defendant to be subject to expenses it should not have to be subject to, and wasted the time of both defendant and the Court.
While the public prosecutor was questioning Defendant, Defendant commented to Chief Koivunen that he had been using methamphetamine the previous week and referred to “being up over a week.” Defendant also stated that he had been using methamphetamine on May 6 “all day.” (Gov’t Ex.
In the two years following Mr. Dodson’s death, Mrs. Carroll did not ask for Dependency and Indemnity Compensation (“DIC”) benefits. DIC benefits are available to the “surviving spouse” of a veteran whose death resulted from a service-related injury or disease.
Wendy has found that a jury demand has invalidated the jury waiver that has been agreed upon in the contract. However, the opinion does not essentially have a reasoning and does not explicitly address whether the jury demand in that case can be assessed as "proper" according to the criteria set under Rule 38(d).
Gary D. Barbee (“Debtor”) is a Chapter 13 debtor which is a status given to individuals with regular income and enables debtors to keep their property and pay their debts over time, usually in three to five years. The Debtor initiated an opposing proceeding against U.S. Bank National Association as trustee for the Truman FHA Trust 2008-1, through its mortgage servicing agent BAC Home Loan Servicing (“Bank”) aiming to avoid the Bank’s interest in his manufactured home according to Title 11 of the United States Code, also known as the United States Bankruptcy Code.
Claimants claim that Morgan Stanley carelessly misled claimants by his statements and conducts that are not based on the facts. Although Morgan Stanley had not yet moved for judgment without a hearing on claimants’ claims, I instructed claimants to show why their claims against Morgan Stanley should be taken into consideration in light of my finding that Morgan Stanley did not mislead claimants with his statements and conducts.
The Audit Report also admitted that there is only partial compliance with Standard 2100, regarding the criteria of “a broader and more formalized approach in performing risk assessment procedures than is currently in practice at Chipotle,”. In addition, IA believed Standard 2100’s “level of detail is not necessary or appropriate in the Chipotle environment.”
Godfrey argues that all employees at HOPE who are Ralph Thumma, Loretta Seneca, Michael Froio, and Andy Keller, would have confirmed that Godfrey had not been involved in the sales process, all sales were handled by Burris and Fischer, and Burris conducted all hiring and training of employees. See Summary # 336, at 6-10.
This court has the competence to review a decision of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims ("CAVC") in terms of the validity of CAVC's decision as regards to application of rule of law, or any written law, or regulation, or any of their interpretation that were relied on by the CAVC in decision making. However, this court does not have the competence to review a decision of CAVC in terms of the determination of the facts of the case. Title 38 U.S. Code
When the appellant filed the petition that he prepared on his own to recall the order in February 2012, and later when he submitted his description of the facts and arguments that are collected informally, which includes claims regarding the matter of the case of the Substantive Appeal issue decided in the June 2008 Board decision, it has become clear that one of the Board decisions the appellant was appealing was the June 2008 Board decision.
In its papers in opposition to BDP’s request for the decision, Deltech identifies the Stolt/BDP contract in which "BDP is contracted to perform freight-forwarding obligations for Stolt" as the operative one. Followingly, Deltech determines the violation as a failure to properly prepare the bill of lading. And, Deltech claims its position as a third-party beneficiary.
Unclean hands “is a self-imposed rule that closes the doors of a court to the one stained with injustice or bad faith relating to the matter in which the one wants the court to decide that he is not guilty. And, unclean hands rule originates from “the honest maxim that ‘he who comes into equity must come with clean hands.’ ” Precision Instrument Mfg.
First, the Claimant argued that the Defendant “has already been provided with sufficient information in order to initiate negotiations on the facts, injuries and policy limits” and advised that she was “willing to accept the policy limits to resolve the claim...” in the Civil Remedy Notice filed with the State of Florida. [DE 1-2 at 16]s
Claimant Laura J. Ramos argued that her employer, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (“FBI”), discriminated against her based on her race (Count I), subjected her to a negative work environment (Count II), and punished her after she filed an administrative complaint (Count III).
For the reasons stated above, the Court REVOKES its decision dated May 31, 2013, and REJECTS Mrs. Tagupa’s request to submit additional evidence, REVERSES the Board’s decision dated August 2, 2011, and SENDS the matter to the lower ranked court for VA to seek confirmation of service from the Department of the Army.
Therefore, it is clear that, under Section 1681i, if a consumer disputes the factual accuracy of the information in her/his consumer file, CRA is under a duty both to reinvestigate and to either delete the disputed information or disclose the current status of the disputed information to the consumer as the CRA receives the consumer's letter disputing the factual accuracy of the information in her/his file.
However, the claimant did not deny the benefits in accordance with Section 1132(a)(1)(B), probably because of “the broad discretion that the defendant has in interpreting the terms of the Certificate, which in turn would require a proof for its decision to deny the claimant’s claim was random and inconsistent.”
If a prisoner "questions a reason or duration of his physical imprisonment" like here, and he wants "the court to determine that he should be released immediately or released from that imprisonment faster, his only legal solution provided under federal law is requesting to be called to the court." Preiser v. Rodriguez, 411 U.S. 475, 500, 93 S.Ct.
Among other things, “interfering with, limiting, or forcing any employee in the exercise of any of his/her rights under” the chapter of the Civil Service Reform Act related to labor unions and labor rights are unfair labor practices for a labor organization. In addition “failing or refusing to comply with any provision of this chapter.” are also unfair labor practices for a labor organization. Title 5 United States Code
The Court notes that the clause which makes the payment of attorney’s fees possible in Estate of Gaines is much broader than the clause contained in this case. The clause in this case limits payment to “charges arose in the management of the Trust which is a relationship based on trust between parties in which one party owns a property and the other party benefits from the property. Restated Revocable Living Trust dated May 1, 2006, DN 27-6, p. 13.
Conversely, when the evidence is not supporting the claim, the Board necessarily decided on that the benefit of the doubt rule is not applicable because the evidence is not nearly equal. Ortiz v. Principi 274 F.3d 1361, 1365 (Fed.Cir.2001).
Over broad decisions that fail to stick precisely to the substantive problem which is legitimately concerned cannot escape intermediate scrutiny of the State. 838 F.3d at 73 (quoting Members of City Council of City of L.A. v. Taxpayers for Vincent, 466 U.S. 789, 810, 104 S.Ct.
The emphasized clause is referred to as the "residual clause." The Supreme Court (in Johnson 2015) held that the residual clause does not allow fair notice to the defendants and results in arbitrary enforcement by judges. Accordingly, this clause violates the due process clause of the Constitution.
Sony attached the images with its message “User’s present photo downloads included the following: .... ” Without use of a filter like a numeric value system, no one at Sony could have known about Susan_14’s photos unless someone actually had “use[d] human eyes” to review them.
The court held that there is no way for the government to obtain a meaningful share in a joint property of spouses without infringing the interests of the innocent spouse as long as the spouses remain married and do nothing to terminate the joint ownership.
The inability to pay debts court decided summary ruling in favor of NBI, deciding that White was prevented from bringing the matter before the court again whether he committed fraud against NBI, and on November 9, 2011, entered ruling in favor of NBI and against White in the amount of $378,486.17.
However, the DOC confesses that it is unfamiliar with the billing practices of most Minnesota shops and reached this result mainly based on representations from Reid, Rosar, Schmultz, and a few others linked with Minnesota’s auto-glass industry.
Accordingly, to have the right to pause the statutory limitations period after it has begun, Ms. Cheeo must have exercised careful examination between July 6, 2011 — the date of the Board decision — and October 6, 2011 — the date on which the Board decision was resent to her at her new address.
For almost one year, [the Claimant] did receive $108,500.00, possibly from the $424,233.00 which is (lost or) unpaid, without explanation; however, it is unclear whether the $108,500.00 came from one of the Trust Enterprise accounts, Defendant Birch’s IOLTA account, or an unknown account.”
The District Court found that the claimants’ extra time claim was factually insufficient, on the basis that, “[t]he abundance of claims aside,” the claimants “failed to claim a single specific instance in which a named Claimant worked extra time and was not paid for this time.”
Haddad claims that Midland Funding “is occupied with the business of a collection agency, using the mails and telephone to collect consumer debts originally owed to others,” is licensed as á collection agency by the State of Illinois, and’ “regularly collects or attempts to collect consumer debts that are failed to pay.”
Accordingly, intertextually, these examples of the parliament's multiple other uses of the debated phrase and ones similar to it in other versions of the (formally approved and written) law and the very act of making the law applicable here, convince us that it uses the phrase to mean the interpretation insisted by Respondents, rather than by Claimant.
The court cannot determine, without additional facts, whether Benedetto’s arrest was either “a basic assumption on which the agreement was made” or “predictable.” Thus, Delta may not use the principle of impossibility to defeat Benedetto’s violation of agreement claim at this stage of the lawsuit with the facts as defended.
Therefore, the references in the notes to “detention” and “maintaining the existing situation” relied on by claimants need not be absolutely interpreted by the Committee as implying a purpose to provide the improved advantages to employees whose entities were sold but who continued working for the purchasing employer.
Respondent notes that the Department of Justice openly has taken the position for almost 20 years that the highest determination standard applies to campaign-finance violations, as indicated in both its manual published soon after Cheek and Ratzlaf but before Bryan and by its manual published almost 10 years after Bryan.
Even though he asks for cancellation of the note and mortgage in his Complaint, the Claimant argues that “[deciding whether Blake accurately canceled the promissory note does not require the Court to exercise authority over the property to decide, nor does it result in the Court giving ownership of the property to any party.”
The agreement officer attempts to select the method that will provide the best general value to the Government, understanding that the “relative importance of cost of price may change.” Id, For example, when “the necessity is clearly definable and the risk of unsuccessful agreement performance is minimal, cost or price may play a main role in source selection.”
First, the court must “tak[e] note of the elements a claimant must request to tell a claim.” Second, the court should find claims that, “because they are no more than conclusions, are not authorized to the assumption of truth.” Finally, “where there are well-defended factual claims, a court should accept their truth and then decide whether they possibly give rise to a right to relief.”
He claimed three federal claims: (1) that the respondents, acting individually, together, and in secret planning with other people, deprived Beaman of a fair trial by keeping material justifying evidence in violation of Brady (individual responsibility); (2) that the respondents secretly planned with other people to keep Beaman of material justifying evidence (secret agreement responsibility); and (3) that the respondents failed to interfere in preventing the violation of his rights (failure to interfere responsibility).
Claimants further claim that despite the ending of their license agreements, Daewoo and its owner, Ro, continued to rent and even sell violating and pirated copies of claimants’ works, which were obtained by Internet downloads and unauthorized personal copying, and/or from respondent Korean Korner, Inc. (“Korean Korner”) and respondent Sun Yop Yoo (“Yoo”), the former owner of a no longer working video store by the name of Ann Bang Video.
Darren L. DeFlanders (“DeFlanders”) applies from the decisions of the United States Court of' Appeals for Veterans Claims (“Veterans Court”) which approved the decisions of the Board of Veterans’ Appeals (“the Board”). It found that De-Flanders had not provided new and material evidence sufficient to reopen claims for service-connected disability compensation for a left knee disability and spots on the lungs; it rejected compensation for spots on the brain; and a disability rating in excess of 10% for non-cardiac chest pain.
Briefly, the Secretary argues that § 4.85(a) requires the effective date for an increased disability claim to be set in accordance with the date a Maryland CNC test is administered adds words to the regulation that are not clearly included. The Secretary also argues that it also conflicts with the simple meaning of section 5110(b)(3), which requires the effective date of an award of increased compensation to be “the earliest date as of which it is ascertainable that an increase in disability had occurred.” 38 U.S.C.
Given the decision in Koloms, the unanswered question for the Court is hether the underlying suits are like the furnace leak in Koloms, namely, the type of isolated, run-of-the-mill result from day-to-day operations and properly covered, or whether they arise from “traditional environmental pollution.” Though it may be more art than science to determine when the isolated consequences of normal business operations end and “traditional environmental pollution” begins, the instant case is covered within the definition.
Works Co. are: (1) the defendant's good faith effort to act in accordance with the statute: (2) the defendant's degree of culpability; (3) the defendant’s previous violations; (4) the nature of the public interest to ensure compliance with the regulations involved; (5) the nature and circumstances of the violation at issue; (6) the gravity of the violation; (7) the defendant’s ability to pay; (8) the appropriateness of the size of the penalty to the defendant’s business and the effect of a penalty on the defendant’s ability to continue doing business; (9) that the penalty not otherwise be shocking to the conscious of the court; (10) the economic benefit gained by the defendant through the violation; (11) the degree of harm to the public; (12) the value of vindicating the agency authority; (13) whether the party sought to be protected by the statute had been adequately compensated for the harm; and (14) such other matters as justice may require.
In his claim for negligence, Claimant alleges that Respondent NDI’s potentially negligent conduct includes: (1) failing to ensure a proper documentation of transfer of the subject material; (2) failing to communicate with Claimant and the testing facilities any and all factors which could or did affect the testing; (3) failing to take into account and eliminate any and all factors which may improperly influence the tests; (4) failing to prevent testing results of and/or reporting of a “false-positive”; (5) failing to pre-test interview Claimant to rule out abnormalities which could and/or did influence the tests; (5) failing to maintain and/or cause to be maintained appropriate quality-control testing and/or reporting mechanisms and/or protocols; (6) failing to comply with governing procedures, regulations, protocols, and/or laws concerning reporting and/or testing; and (7) failing to monitor and/or control others’ compliance.
For example, the Two Left Feet treatment supplements the real amateur competitors with a few “goofballs” for “comic relief of course,” and “a few ringers to make the other guys envious and competitive.” Similarly the treatment describes one host as an “ex law enforcement officer, federal agent, with a masters degree in Social Work,” who would use this background to “manipulate” the other host, a “biochemist with a cool analytical nature, yet a vicious temper,” and who would focus on analyzing competitors using various scientific parameters, such as “bodyfat” and other statistics.
Judge Gordon Graham issued an order and appointed Defendants McQueen and Tonigan as special state's attorneys. They were asked to investigate and prosecute indiduals who use their official position in the SAO to give benefits in criminal prosecutions to friends, relatives, and supporters.
At the time, the state-sponsored terrorism exception did not provide an independent cause of action. However it acted “as a ‘pass-through’ to substantive causes of action against private individuals that ... may exist in federal, state or international law.”
The claim is based on an act that occurred before 2004. Therefore Kansas Securities Act can apply if the action is taken within that statute’s limitations period, or by July 1, 2010, five years after the effective date of the Uniform Act.
To resolve the conspiracy against him, Mr. Blaney had few requests. He requested establishment of a special investigating commitee by the Veterans Court, a summary judgment on his claims, and an order that would allow him to sue the Veterans Court and the VA.
The District Court held a suppression hearing. It asked testimony from one witness for the Government — Officer Hough, five witnesses for the defense — Ismail, Delaine, Siddiqah, Tazke-yah, and Richard Thomas, III who is a friend of Mallory’s.
The general acceptance is that when an expert relies on the opinion of another, such reliances goes to the weight. However this has got no effect on the expert's opinion, Ferrara & DiMercurio v. St. Paul Mercury Ins.
Twombly interprets Rule 8 as that a plaintiff's complaint must push any claims from conceivable to plausible. Ibid. Iqbal, 556 U.S. at 680, 129 S.Ct.
In doing this, a plaintiff may prove that the employer’s explanation is not reliable because it has no basis in fact.” Torgerson v. City of Rochester, 643 F.3d 1031, 1047 (8th Cir.
He testified that he did not understand courtroom procedures or phrases such as “constitutional right,” “consult with attorney,” “inference,” or “degree” which were sed by the trial judge in colloquies with Newman.
The legal sufficiency of each.claim asserted against the defendant. Since the defandant is a foreign embassy, it is presumptively immune from suit under the' doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity,'see Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (“FSIA"), 28 U.S.C.
One statement was that alcohol dependence can “develop[] to a point where it is irreversible without professional help”. It was also stated that “[a]t such time, the person by himself, may ot have the capacity to avoid the continued use of alcohol.” Amicus App.
The court had a similar ruling in American Power & Light. It upheld a delegation to the SEC to take such actions as necessary to prevent companies from “unfairly or inequitably distributing] voting power among security holders.” 329 U.S. at 104-05, 67 S.Ct.
The Board was right when it found that “[t]he time lapsed between VA’s receipt of notice in January 2009 and its response in September 2009 does not change the fact the [v]eteran had knowledge, nor does it lessen his responsibility.” R. at 9.
The Goldmans held that HALO has no viable fraud claim because it “undeniabl[y]” had “full knowledge of the loss of the Track Group.” According to Under Missouri law, a plaintiff must rely on a false statement to justify a claim of fraud.
Claimant declared that on nearly a monthly basis between January 2009 and December 2009, she was treated at the clinic because she could not breathe, and for “body ache; heart beating fast; I feel like I’m dying; kept coughing and spitting.
Whether a claim is subject to the Tucker Act depends on whether, “in whole or in part, it clearly (or precisely) ‘in substance’ (or ‘substantially’) seeks more than $10,000 in financial aid from the federal government.” Kidwell v. Dep’t of Army.
In their briefing, the parties refer to this Notice of Lapse as the May 23 bill, but the Court will refer to it as the May 24 bill because the Policy’s 61-day time period began on the 24th when the notice was sent.
By letter dated June 5, 2007, Holzrichter responded to a question asked by a representative of WisDOT: “Isn’t joining the Union your choice?” He answered stating that he could not join a union because of economic, moral and ethical considerations.
As a result of this ruling, we need not address whether section 5121 of title 38 could be inapplicable to FVECF claims. The reason is that section 5121 may be preempted by ARRA section 1002(c), which governs the scope of FVECF survivor claims.
Mr. Lewis has claimed misconducts, related to tuition and fees, and he has claimed'that Full Sail accused him for courses that he did not take, but he has not provided any specifics concerning false statements made by Full Sail or any other respondent.
Although Wesolowski complains that he first requested dental treatment on October 1, 2001, and that he was not examined by a dentist until April 11, 2002, he fails to claim/assert any factual basis. Therefore, that delay can be attributed to one or more of the respondents.
Dr. Wood was also unable to leave a permanent accommodation that would have allowed Crider to fulfill her responsibilities with respect to site visits, conferences and other weekend events without at least some work or travel on Friday nights and Saturdays.
The invention attempts to: (1) prevent bubble fluid or (2) air from flowing back through the tube; (3) hold sufficient bubble fluid so as not to limit the quality of the bubbles; and (4) prevent bubble fluid from dripping down the outside of the tube onto the user.
As a result, the RO determined Mr. Delisle a 100 percent disability rating for the period from April 7, 2010 to May 31, 2011. In addition, the RO determined a 60 percent rating, along with a total disability rating based on individual employability for the period following May 31, 2011.
For ease of reference, these other obligees shall be referred to collectively as the “Lender Group.” As their representative, Mittman engaged in extensive trial with the Judgment Creditors over the right to receive approximately $841,000.00 due to the Debtor from Vonage.
Although the Board noted that DC 5280 was potentially applicable in light of Mr. Copeland’s diagnosis of hallux valgus, it determined that his hallux valgus was only “slight to moderate without surgical removal,” and so a separate disability rating was not provided.
The cases Regions offers in support of its argument do not examine this claimed requirement in any detail, but merely make a passing reference to being “charged for the call.” See Osorio v. State Farm Bank, F.S.B., 859 F.Supp.2d 1326, 1329 (S.D.Fla.2012); Knutson v.
If not, analysis proceeds to step four, and the ALJ determines the claimant’s residual functional capacity (“RFC”), which is the ability to perform physical or metal work activities on a sustained basis, notwithstanding limitations for the collective degradation.
Similarly, given the existence of similar designs in the market and Huitink’s use of established engineering standards, the fact that Huitink admits that he created his asserted alternative design solely for the purposes of this trial.
After reviewing the relevant Ohio and federal regulations, he found that “abuse” is defined as “the willful infliction of injury, unreasonable restriction, threat or punishment with resulting physical harm, pain or mental anguish.”
In the exhibit, Plaintiffs provide factual allegations that MacIntyre was not paid for a total .of 76 hours of additional working hours between 2012 and 2014, and Sullivan was not paid additional working hours -for a total of 48 hours in 2013 and 2014.
The Government argues that Mr. Haddad does not have the legal position to sue for the ’844 patent, because Mr. Haddad transferred all substantial rights in the ’844 patent to sole exclusive licensee Astornet, Gov’t Mot.
The First Circuit has ruled that “reprisal claims are preserved so long as the reprisal is reasonably related to and grows out of the discrimination complained of to the agency.” Clockedile v. N.H. Dep’t of Corr., 245 F.3d 1, 6 (1st Cir.2001).
In order to survive a proposal to dismiss pursuant to Rule 12(b)(6) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, a claimant must present sufficient factual claims “to state a claim to relief that is reasonable on its face.” Twombly, 550 U.S. at 570, 127 S.Ct.
Generally, more weight is give[n] to the opinions of treating sources, even “controlling weight,” if they are well supported by medically acceptable clinical and laboratory diagnostic techniques and not inconsistent with other substantial evidence
Trooper Rivera, working under the name “Jose,” then told Haskell that he could make up for the botched drug deal by burning down a house in Springfield and an abandoned property in Holyoke, Massachusetts, as part of a fictional insurance fraud “Jose” was purportedly arranging.
If an exceptional disability picture is found, the RO or Board must determine whether related factors exist such “as marked interference with employment or frequent periods of hospitalization as to render impractical the application of the regular schedular standards.” 38 C.F.R.
Back in open court, the judge put on the record what he had ruled (he would • allow evidence that Lawson failed to report income but not evidence that Lawson failed to file tax returns), but not why he reached these conclusions or how he thought a jury could make proper use of the tax evidence.
As I explained at summary judgment, to determine whether a accused has met its burden of proving the routine life-support exemption, courts examine the projects, taking into account the 1) nature and extent, 2) purpose, 3) frequency, and 4) cost of the activity to arrive at a common-sense finding.
To prevail on such a claim, the claimant must establish that: (1) he is a member of a protected class; (2) was subjected to unwelcome sexual harassment; (3) the harassment was based on sex; (4) the harassment created a hostile work environment; and that (5) the employer is indirectly responsible.
While several courts have held that merely placing child pornography in a shared folder on a file sharing network establishes application of a distribution enhancement, no courts has relied on the Sentencing Guidelines definition of “distribution” to interpret the meaning of the term in § 2252(a)(2).
Therefore, “if a restriction or condition is not understandably related to a legitimate goal — if it is arbitrary or purposeless a court, in accordance with law, may conclude that the purpose of the governmental action is punishment that may not constitutionally be inflicted upon detainees as detainees.”
Lastly, he claims that on August 20, 2014, he learned the “forms never reach[ed] [the New] Orleans[] [RO]” and “the counselor [] was upset that [he] continue® to call asking about these form[s] and want[ed] to know who [] [he] had been talking to,” and refused to file a letter of re-examination of the case.
A jury is not required to accept an expert’s opinion, and accused’s experts present different opinions, but a jury could reasonably find, on the basis of claimants’ experts’ opinions, that it is more likely than not that one of accused’s PIFs was contaminated and caused E.B.’s illness,
Approximately one week later, the FTC and opponent filed a settlement agreement in which opponent agreed to, among other things, not assess or collect “any Fee for a Failure to Pay-Related Service unless it is a reasonable Fee charged ... for a Failure to Pay -Related Service that is actually performed.” (Doc.
The date of admission to a non-VA hospital where a veteran was maintained at VA expense will be accepted as the date of receipt of a claim, if VA maintenance was previously authorized; but if VA maintenance was authorized subsequent to admission, the date VA received notice of admission will be accepted. 
Ms. Haynes later submitted a request to the Regional Office to reopen her claim on the presentation of new documentation showing a decision by the Army Board of Correction of Military Records (“ABCMR”) to grant Ms. Haynes an annuity as a “ex-husband/wife’’ under the Uniformed Services Former Spouse Protection Act
Five months after Mayor Graf was elected, he published a “From Your Mayor” opinion piece in the Farmingdale Observer, which stated, in part: “We have defined an area of the Village for possible redevelopment and have ... give immediate attention to this plan.’ Much of the property [near] Secatogue Avenue ... is within the run-down neighborhood.”
The small case court had federal question authority over the § 1983 claim and supplemental jurisdiction over the state-law gross negligence claim, and "a federal court exercising supplemental authority over state law claims is bound to apply the law of the state where a legal case is filed to the same extent as if it were exercising its the power to hear lawsuits that do not involve a federal question Bass v. First Pac
Those guidelines, the 2005 Flow Plan explicitly provides, are set forth in “SunTrust Mortgage guidelines that are currently being used and have been mutually agreed upon.” The partial integration doctrine be valid in situations where, wholly unlike this one, the written instrument does not cover a material issue and consequently fails to create a “complete legal obligation.”
On appeal to this Court, the claimant argued that she satisfied the criteria for non-service-connected burial benefits because (1) the phrase “in receipt of compensation” in section 2302(a)(1) should be interpreted to include those veterans who were entitled to receive compensation at death, and (2) Mr. Wingard was entitled to receive compensation at the time of his death because 38 U.S.C.
In order to establish a arguable claim for discrimination under § 1981, the claimant must show that (1) it is a member of a protected class; (2) it try to make  a contract with the accused; (3) it met the defendant’s ordinary requirements to enter into a contract with it; (4) it was denied the opportunity to enter into a contract with the accused that was otherwise provided to companies owned by whites.
Courts may issue an order only if three conditions are satisfied: 1) the requester must demonstrate that he lacks adequate alternative means to attain the desired relief, thus ensuring that the writ is not used as a substitute for the appeals process, 2) the requester must demonstrate a clear and indisputable right to the court order, and 3) the court must be convinced, given the circumstances, that the giving a order from a court is necessary.
In determining when an action is started by the Secretary of Labor under this subsection for the purposes of the limitation period provided in section 255(a) of this title, it shall be considered to be started in the case of any individual claimant on the date when the complaint is filed if he is specifically named as a party plaintiff in the complaint, or if his name did not so appear, on the subsequent date on which his name is added as a party plaintiff in such action.
While a federal court may exercise additional jurisdiction over state law claims “that are so related to claims in the action within [the Court’s] original jurisdiction that they form a part of the same case or controversy under Article III of the United States Constitution,” a court may reject to exercise such jurisdiction where it “has dismissed all claims over which it has original jurisdiction.” Indeed, unless “consideration of judicial economy, convenience and fairness to litigants” weigh in favor of the exercise of supplemental jurisdiction, “a federal court should hesitate to exercise jurisdiction over state claims.” Because Plaintiffs complaint fails to state a viable federal claim, and because this case is at the beginning stages of litigation, the Court rejects to exercise additional jurisdiction over Plaintiffs state law claims at this time.
While there is no evidence in the Thurman opinion that the plaintiff clearly refuted the application of the limitations provision on the basis of the change in corporate entity, this Court finds the Sixth Circuit’s application of the Chrysler Corporation provision instructive; in the absence of evidence or legal authority to the contrary, the agreement with Pinnacle precludes a finding of a legitimate expectation of just cause employment.
In this matter, Dr. Pence offers four opinions: (1) BSC did not conduct adequate testing of the Pinnacle product prior to placing them on the market; (2) the Pinnacle product was inadequately labeled; (3) patients could not adequately consent to the surgical implantation of the Pinnacle due to the misbranding of these products; and (4) BSC failed to meet the post-market precaution standard of care for their products, leading to further mis-branding.
However, even if the Plaintiff does so and makes out a at first sight response because “there is evidence that the adverse employment action was motivated in part by freedom of speech, the government can prevent liability if it can show that it would have taken the same adverse action in the absence of the freedom of speech.” Heil v. Santoro, 147 F.3d 103, 109 (2d Cir.1998).
Moreover, any such deduction is belied by Commerce’s reference to its final determination in Galvanized Steel and Wire From the People's Republic of China, which describes Commerce's balancing practice for the AD cash deposit rate as premised only on the concept that domestic subsidies had a symmetrical effect upon export and local prices.
Ms. Swanson also argues that the Veterans Court failed to decide an issue correctly, but she does not support this argument with anything more than the phrase “controversies to which the United States shall be a part” followed by citations to two Supreme Court cases addressing the field of the judicial power under Article III.
However, other Ninth Circuit cases shed some light on exactly when arrest becomes “extended.” First, in Nadarajah v. Gonzales, the Ninth Circuit reviewed Supreme Court cases and found that the Court had “used the six-month period as the touchstone of reasonableness.” 443 F.3d 1069, 1080 (9th Cir.2006).
Based on the unity of the circumstances—the anonymous caller claiming to have eye-witness knowledge, the modern reporting of the activity, and the specificity of the description of the person holding the firearm, which the PRPD matched to Rivas-Castro—the call was reliable.
Citadel further aserts that it has been damaged by “breach of the parties’ agreement because it has lost the benefit of the bargain it would have otherwise enjoyed if it had been able to complete the project and lease it to [WRMC], as called for in the parties’ agreement.”
Plaintiffs also accept that “the Complaint and the exhibits ... assert a pattern of blackmailing extending to just under one year,” but they argue- that “the ‘two year’ requirement in order to establish closed-ended continuity is not a straightforward rule.”
In her summary judgment briefs, Otico presented a surprise argument (a surprise to Hawaiian and to the Court, anyway) that Hawaiian did not pay her for ten minutes of time she worked on each of eight separate days after she’d completed the training program.
Although the title refers to wartime, section 1157 extends the recovery rates in sub-chapter II "to those veterans who served during a period of war and during any other time, who have suffered a disability in the line of duty in each period of service.”
Tutin also wrote that Santangelo struggled to adapt even though he was expected to recognize problems and react more quickly moving forward and that Tu-tin expected Santangelo to transform Alsip into a more strong and flexible group capable of addressing industry challenges.
Without an admission from GEICO, medical testimony from an expert or her treating physician, or circumstances of the type that lay jurors could guess from the evidence a causal connection between accident and injury, Blair is unable to make that showing as a matter which concerned with the interpretation of the law.
The Board also found that the medical evidence of record, especially the 2011 examiner’s report, showed that other post-service injuries and normal effects of aging that are caused by progressive damage to cells and body systems over time and his employment as a truck driver, not any basic training injury, most likely caused Vann’s lower back pain.
Finally, contrary to Defendant Hernandez’s assertions, the Report concluded that, based upon the “supporting documentation, it appears that [EPFCU] incurred a loss of at least $19 million resulting from the actions of their former employee ... Hernandez.” Report 4 (emphasis added).
The Second Amended Complaint makes clear that the relator is asserting that Boston Heart’s claims were “legally false” because, according to the relator, Boston Heart certified that the tests it performed were medically necessary even though they were not medically necessary for certain populations.
Relying on these cases and a textual analysis of the provisions at issue, Husic argues that § 212(h) has been made unavailable only to an foreign who was admitted as an LPR, rather than one who, like Husic, adjusted to LPR status once already in the United States after legal entry as a visitor.
Similarly, the fact that the regulation confirms a single extra-schedular evaluation— “an evaluation awarded outside of the rating schedule due to an unusual manifestation of the particular condition that causes it to interfere more with the individual's ability to be employed” — arising from the “disability or disabilities” point outs that referral for extra-schedular evaluation may be based on the collective impact of the veteran’s disabilities.
Considering the policy and purpose behind Rule 13(a), the court permitted the claim to go forward because it found no sign of the “circuity of action that Rule 13(a) was aimed at preventing,” since the plaintiffs bringing of multiple actions was required by law.
Second, appointing an temporary director does not require the appointing authority to provide the same benefits; indeed, if it did, then the on-leave employee could hold that the position was filled on a permanent basis while she was on family and medical leave.
Once the (movant) The party who moves for the judge to rule in favor of a motion has properly structured the summary judgment, the burden shifts onto the nonmovant—or “the party who bears the burden of proof at trial,” Geshke v. Crocs, Inc.
Furthermore, the complainant admits in her Opposition that the Act was made “to keep D.C. residents out of harm’s way,” and therefore creates a “general public duty.” Pl.’s Opp’n to Defs.’ Mot.
In addition, the Secretary states that “it is clear [that DC] 5284 is not applicable in this case,” as the plain language of that DC “preclude[s] rating a foot condition ... that was not the result of an in-service injury.”
Complainant admits that her illegal termination claim “does not fit within the limitations of the WLAD, FMLA or WFLA because she did not meet the required number of hours worked in the year prior to the accumulation of her claim.”
FAG Bearings can appropriately be distinguished because the State of South Dakota filed suit on its own accord in state court in this case, at a time of its own choosing, with its hand-picked defendants, without any unfair present prejudice.
The Government has called two alleged “cooperating witnesses” at trial, ie, proclaimed collaborators of the respondents who have admitted their guilt and who are “cooperating” with the Government by testifying at trial, in hopes of receiving a sentence reduction.
A farmout agreement is "[a] very common form of agreement between operators, whereby a rental owner not desiring to drill at the time agrees to transfer the rental contract or part of it (jointly or individually) to another operator with a desire to drill the tract.”
To the extent Mr. Washington argues that the Veterans Court should have decided the gunshot wound claim in his favor without requiring a committal to custody, he raises factual issues of sufficiency of the evidence concerning his duty status at the time he was shot, and issues of his credibility.
The Fourth Circuit reasoned that Geriatric Release does not provide young people with the opportunity to be released “based on demonstrated maturity and rehabilitation,” as Graham required, because the Parole Board has the authority to deny release “for any reason whatsoever.”
Before this court, Mr. Smith characterizes the Plan as a settlement agreement and argues that the Veterans Court failed to “enforce” the settlement agreement. Mr. Smith requests to send his case to the Veterans Court with instructions that it “enforce” the settlement agreement approved by this court in NOVA.
In this case, where the claimant has not produced time-sheets and the respondent has failed to respond, the Court will accept Martinez’s declaration of hours she worked and wages she received, except where the statement seeks a remedy beyond that sought in the complaint.
As a result, the development of the Plan required a process of shifting and re-shifting parts of the County from one district to another, reviewing the result, and trying again.
The dilemma of alternative definitions for assault on a female is further highlighted in the more recent cases arising out of the North Carolina courts relating to appeals, which seem to recognize proof of either force or violence, particularly in cases where a battery based on force alone, even if only slight, provides the basis for the “assault” element of the crime.
The Wisconsin Supreme Court concluded that chapter 980 did not require termination of Gilbert’s commitment petition because the chapter does not contain language allowing for it in his circumstances, does not set a time period for execution of a custody order, and provides that an individual may be simultaneously committed under chapter 980 and incarcerated at a DOC facility. 
Complainant Fraternal Order of Police Penn-Jersey Lodge 30 (“FOP”) brought this action against Respondent Delaware River Port Authority (“DRPA”) to move the Court for a mandatory restraining, ordering the DRPA to be subject to a binding interest arbitration over the terms and conditions of employment for the patrol officers, corporals, and sergeants whom FOP represents and whom DRPA employs.
Third, if the Supreme Court concludes in Welch that Johnson is retroactive, failing to hold the applications in discontinuation could deprive petitioners of the benefit of Johnson’s retroactivity. It also renders a determination of retroactivity meaningless as a practical matter because applications for second or successive petitions based on Johnson arguably must be filed before June 26, 2016 (we do not decide that question now).
Finally, this Court has considered Peters’s reliance on United States v. Quinones. Faced with a similar motion, the court granted the respondent's request for a stay of forfeiture, reasoning that “[i]f the government were to sell the four parcels in such a [slumped] market, they [sic] would, in effect, be foregoing any potential for appreciation in value. Once the market recovers; this loss will ultimately be borne by [the defendant] if the forfeiture order is reversed on re-examination.”
On appeal, Niehaus reinterprets the accepted facts of this case and attempts to paint USB as an “ ‘eyes wide open’ participant in the fraud.”  She bases her allegation that USB conspired with her claiming that (1) USB knew of her unlawful conduct by early 2010 when it confronted her about her fraud and asked her to resign; (2) one of USB’s owners refused her resignation and thereby allowed her to continue to steal funds; (3) USB advised her to withdraw D.C. and J.C.’s funds and transfer the money to another bank (4) in the civil suit, USB agreed to release Nie-haus from any and all claims relating to the litigation.
Witness, for example, continued his emphasis on the facts that Mr. Mitchell could have asked for re-examination of the September 2003 decision, challenged its determination that new and material evidence had not been submitted, and raised the fact that VA never responded to the December 1973 audiogram, but post at 445,  failed to do so, even though the Federal Circuit explicitly rejected almost identical objections in Beraud, see 766 F.3d at 1406 n. 1.
The court’s central purpose in allowing to sue a third party is to promote judicial efficiency by eliminating the necessity for the defendant to bring a separate action against a third person. This third person may be connectedly responsible to the defendant for all or part of the plaintiffs original request.” Sw. Adm’rs, Inc. v. Rozay’s Transfer, 791 F.2d 769, 777 (9th Cir.1986).
A mutual insurance exchange, “in its pure form ... is a web of contractual relationships between subscribers who agree to insure one another. This is completed through a common agent with authority. The primary question is whether USAA is properly treated chartered or not chartered as a legal entity for purposes of the U.S. federal courts’ power to hear lawsuits that do not involve a federal question.
Congress made into an act the FDCPA in 1977. This had three purposes: First, to eliminate abusive debt collection practices by debt collectors. Second, to ensure that those debt collectors who avoid abusive debt collection practices are not competitively disadvantaged. Third, to promote consistent State action to protect consumers against debt collection abuses.” 15 U.S.C.
See e.g., Potts, 882 F.2d at 1324 (“A statute modifying the content of state tort law doctrines of contributory and comparative fault seems to us to be a classic example of the type of substantive rule of law binding upon a federal court in a civil case involving parties that are diverse in citizenship.”); Winningham v. Swift Trans.
“If the behavior did not violate a clearly established constitutional right, or if it was objectively reasonable for the [official] to believe that his behavior did not violate such a right, then the [official] is protected by qualified exemption.”
Here, relying on its president’s statement under oath, claimant claims that “stock ownership [in Patriot Lines and Vessel Operations] was restricted to the Brophys and that the two companies existed as a ‘deceptive appearance for the [Brophys’] operations.’ ”
But the bottom line is the more protection, if you will, we can provide for the families of those who are going through what has to be just the most horrific time in their life, I think we have an obligation to do it.
Instead, “[questioning of the witness by the opposing party efficiently, presentation of adverse evidence, and careful instruction on the duty to prove disputed assertion are the traditional and appropriate means of attacking shaky but admissible evidence.”
Such standards are critical. Because even in cases where a regulation is content- neutral at first sight, “giving uncontrolled discretion in the hands of a government official or agency ... may result in censorship.” Lakewood, 486 U.S. at 758, 108 S.Ct.
The Agreement states that the “arbitrators must make their decision within 60 days following the end of the hearing”. Also “[t]he majority decision of any two arbitrators” of the three-arbitrator panel “will be final and binding” on the parties.
Here, Giwa could not prove the facts that counter Landes’ testimony that sets forth her understanding of the facts on which she based her conclusion that Giwa was under-performing as a Senior Urban Planner or that he made mistakes that deserved a lower rating.
Insuring purposes include, among other things, the following: The decision whether or not to issue a policy, the amount and terms of coverage, and whether to renew or cancel a policy. However, an insurer may not obtain a consumer report for the purposes of evaluating a request.
That record also stated that on that date the “[c]ourt found defendant guilty as charged in the information and ordered a Judgment of Guilty to be entered on the record.... Court ordered defendant placed into the custody of the Milwaukee County Sheriffs Department.”
The issue here is whether an insured can collect general settlements from its subcontractors, one-sided decide that they will be assigned to uncovered damages, and then seek the insurers that would cover the damages if the loss was properly allocated to that policy.
The Supreme Court briefly addressed the issue within the scope of the Fair Housing Act. It summarized that, regardless of the motivation behind the action, an injury has occurred, if a tester is injured in the exact form the statute was intended to protect against.
The solicitation informed offerors. The Government will conduct a performance confidence assessment based upon the past performance of major or critical aspects of the requirement in terms of the probability of successfully performing the solicitation requirements.
If an applicable state far reaching statute confers jurisdiction and the assertion of that jurisdiction is consistent with constitutional due process, a federal court has personal jurisdiction over a non-resident defendant. ” Nichols v. G.D. Searle & Co., 991 F.2d 1195, 1199 (4th Cir.1993).
If a decision resolves and seriously affects essential rights and finally determines the concrete issue to which it is addressed, that decision is considered "final and appealable". Dye v. Brown (In re AFI Holding, Inc.), 530 F.3d 832, 836 (9th Cir.2008) (quoting Schulman v. California (In re Lazar), 237 F.3d 967, 985 (9th Cir.2001)).
Once admitted into the Minnesota Department of Corrections (“MDOC”) system, Brooks received a chemical-dependency assessment, as all new prisoners are required to have under Minnesota law. He was ordered to complete treatment in order to be transferred to a lower-security prison, qualify for work release, and avoid disciplinary sanctions.
Such a need is accepted if either: (1) failure to obtain prompt processing would cause a “close threat to the life or physical safety of an individual”; or (2) the requester is “primarily engaged in disseminating information” and shows an “urgency to inform the public concerning actual or alleged Federal Government activity.” 5 U.S.C. 